<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [ColorPicker][1]
    -   [getHexFromLabel][2]
    -   [getLabelFromHex][3]
    -   [getHexValue][4]
    -   [getLabelValue][5]
    -   [toggleList][6]
    -   [setColor][7]
    -   [enable][8]
    -   [disable][9]
    -   [readonly][10]
    -   [isDisabled][11]
    -   [updated][12]
    -   [destroy][13]

## ColorPicker

The ColorPicker Component is a trigger field with a listing colors that can be selected.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **([Array][14]&lt;jQuery> | [HTMLElement][15])** The plugin element for the constuctor
-   `settings` **[object][16]?** The settings element.
    -   `settings.themes` **[string][17]** Themes available for ColorPicker (optional, default `{}`)
    -   `settings.colors` **[string][17]** An array of objects of the form. {label: 'Azure', number: '01', value: 'CBEBF4'}
        that can be used to populate the color grid. (optional, default `[]`)
    -   `settings.showLabel` **[string][17]** Show the label if true vs the hex value if false. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.editable` **[string][17]** If false, the field is readonly and transparent. I.E. The value
        cannot be typed only editable by selecting. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.uppercase` **[string][17]** If false, lower case hex is allowed. If true upper case hex is allowed.
        If showLabel is true this setting is ignored. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.colorOnly` **[string][17]** If true the field will be shrunk to only show the color portion. (optional, default `false`)

### getHexFromLabel

Get the hex value based on a label. Does not handle duplicates.

**Parameters**

-   `label` **[string][17]** The label to search for in the color labels.

Returns **void** 

### getLabelFromHex

Get the label value based on a hex. Does not handle duplicates.
Can pass with or without the #

**Parameters**

-   `hex` **[string][17]** The hex to search for in the color set.

Returns **void** 

### getHexValue

Get the currently set hex value.

Returns **[string][17]** A string containing the hex

### getLabelValue

Get the currently set label value.

Returns **[string][17]** A string containing the hex

### toggleList

Toggle / Open the List of Colors

Returns **void** 

### setColor

Set the visible color in the field

**Parameters**

-   `hex` **[string][17]** The hex value to use (can have the # or not).
-   `label` **[string][17]** The text to display

Returns **void** 

### enable

Change the color picker from enabled to disabled.

Returns **void** 

### disable

Make the color picker disabled

Returns **void** 

### readonly

Make the color picker readonly

Returns **void** 

### isDisabled

Returns true if the color picker is disabled.

Returns **void** 

### updated

Update the component and optionally apply new settings.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][16]** the settings to update to.

Returns **[object][16]** The plugin api for chaining.

### destroy

Detach events and restore DOM to default.

Returns **[object][16]** The plugin api (this).

[1]: #colorpicker

[2]: #gethexfromlabel

[3]: #getlabelfromhex

[4]: #gethexvalue

[5]: #getlabelvalue

[6]: #togglelist

[7]: #setcolor

[8]: #enable

[9]: #disable

[10]: #readonly

[11]: #isdisabled

[12]: #updated

[13]: #destroy

[14]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[15]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[16]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[17]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String
