<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Tabs][1]
    -   [handleOutboundLink][2]
    -   [hasAnimatedBar][3]
    -   [hasSquareFocusState][4]
    -   [hasMoreButton][5]
    -   [isInResponsiveMode][6]
    -   [isModuleTabs][7]
    -   [isVerticalTabs][8]
    -   [isResponsiveVerticalTabs][9]
    -   [isHeaderTabs][10]
    -   [isScrollableTabs][11]
    -   [isHidden][12]
    -   [isNested][13]
    -   [isActive][14]
    -   [isNestedInLayoutTabs][15]
    -   [isTab][16]
    -   [isAnchor][17]
    -   [getAnchor][18]
    -   [getPanel][19]
    -   [getPreviousTab][20]
    -   [activatePreviousTab][21]
    -   [isURL][22]
    -   [activate][23]
    -   [callSource][24]
    -   [resizeNestedTabs][25]
    -   [add][26]
    -   [remove][27]
    -   [createTabPanel][28]
    -   [checkPopupMenuItems][29]
    -   [hide][30]
    -   [show][31]
    -   [disableTab][32]
    -   [enableTab][33]
    -   [rename][34]
    -   [updateCount][35]
    -   [getActiveTab][36]
    -   [getVisibleTabs][37]
    -   [getOverflowTabs][38]
    -   [select][39]
    -   [buildPopupMenu][40]
    -   [isTabOverflowed][41]
    -   [findLastVisibleTab][42]
    -   [findFirstVisibleTab][43]
    -   [focusBar][44]
    -   [defocusBar][45]
    -   [scrollTabList][46]
    -   [hideFocusState][47]
    -   [positionFocusState][48]
    -   [checkFocusedElements][49]
    -   [updated][50]
    -   [disableOtherTabs][51]
    -   [disable][52]
    -   [enable][53]
    -   [closeDismissibleTab][54]
    -   [teardown][55]
    -   [destroy][56]

## Tabs

**Parameters**

-   `element` **([HTMLElement][57] \| [Array][58]&lt;jQuery>)** the base element for this component
-   `settings` **[object][59]** incoming settings
    -   `settings.addTabButton` **[boolean][60]** If set to true, creates a button at the end
        of the tab list that can be used to add an empty tab and panel (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.addTabButtonCallback` **[function][61]** if defined as a function, will
        be used in-place of the default Tab Adding method (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.appMenuTrigger` **[boolean][60]** If set to true, will force an App Menu
        trigger to be present on Non-Vertical Tabs implementatations. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.appMenuTriggerText` **[string][62]?** If defined, replaces the default "Menu" text used
        in the app menu trigger.
    -   `settings.ajaxOptions` **[object][59]?** if defined, will be used by any internal
        Tabs AJAX calls as the desired request settings.
    -   `settings.beforeActivate` **[function][61]?** If defined as a function, fires
        this before a tab is activated to allow a possible "veto" of the tab swap (SOHO-5250).
    -   `settings.containerElement` **([string][62] | jQuery)** Defines a separate element
        to be used for containing the tab panels.  Defaults to a `.tab-panel-container`
        element that is created if it doesn't already exist. (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.changeTabOnHashChange` **[boolean][60]** If true, will change the selected
        tab on invocation based on the URL that exists after the hash. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.hashChangeCallback` **[function][61]** If defined as a function,
        provides an external method for adjusting the current page hash used by these tabs. (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.lazyLoad` **[boolean][60]** if true, when using full URLs in tab HREFs,
        or when using Ajax calls, tabs will be loaded as needed instead of the markup
        all being established at once. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.moduleTabsTooltips` **[boolean][60]** if true, will display a tooltip on
        Module Tabs with cut-off text content. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.source` **[function][61]** If defined, will serve as a way of pulling
        in external content to fill tabs. (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.sourceArguments` **[object][59]** If a source method is defined, this
        flexible object can be passed into the source method, and augmented with
        parameters specific to the implementation. (optional, default `{}`)
    -   `settings.tabCounts` **[boolean][60]** If true, Displays a modifiable count above each tab. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.verticalResponsive` **[boolean][60]** If Vertical Tabs & true, will automatically
        switch to Horizontal Tabs on smaller breakpoints. (optional, default `false`)

### handleOutboundLink

Changes the location in the browser address bar to force outbound links.

**Parameters**

-   `href` **[string][62]** incoming href link
-   `useRelativePath` **[boolean][60]** don't prepend the full domain, port,
    protocol, etc. to the HREF.

Returns **void** 

### hasAnimatedBar

Determines whether or not this tabset's tab list should display an animated selected state on a tab.

Returns **[boolean][60]** whether or not the animated selected state should display.

### hasSquareFocusState

Determines whether or not this tabset's tab list should display a square focus state on a tab.

Returns **[boolean][60]** whether or not the square focus state should display.

### hasMoreButton

Determines whether or not this tabset currently has a "More Tabs" spillover button.

Returns **[boolean][60]** whether or not the "More Tabs" button is currently displayed.

### isInResponsiveMode

Determines whether or not this normally "vertical" tabset is in an optional "horizontal" responsive mode

Returns **[boolean][60]** whether or not the responsive mode is active.

### isModuleTabs

Determines whether or not this tabset is currently operating as Module Tabs

Returns **[boolean][60]** whether or not this is a Module tabset.

### isVerticalTabs

Determines whether or not this tabset is currently operating as Vertical Tabs

Returns **[boolean][60]** whether or not this is a Vertical tabset.

### isResponsiveVerticalTabs

Determines whether or not this tabset is Vertical Tabs with a responsive, horizontal capability

Returns **[boolean][60]** whether or not this is a Vertical tabset.

### isHeaderTabs

Determines whether or not this tabset is currently operating as Header Tabs

Returns **[boolean][60]** whether or not this is a Header tabset.

### isScrollableTabs

Determines whether or not this tabset is showing tabs that allow for selection via horizontal scrolling.

Returns **[boolean][60]** whether or not horizontal scrolling is possible.

### isHidden

Determines whether or not this tabset is currently hidden

Returns **[boolean][60]** whether or not this tabset is hidden.

### isNested

Determines whether or not this tabset is nested inside a parent Tab Panel

Returns **[boolean][60]** whether or not this tabset is nested.

### isActive

Determines whether or not a particular tab panel is currently the active (displayed) tab panel

**Parameters**

-   `href` **[string][62]** representing the HTML "id" attribute of a corresponding tab panel

Returns **[boolean][60]** whether or not the tab panel is active.

### isNestedInLayoutTabs

Determines whether or not this tabset is nested inside a "Layout"-style of Tab container

Returns **[boolean][60]** whether or not this tabset is nested.

### isTab

Determines if an object is an HTML List Item representing a tab

**Parameters**

-   `obj` **[object][59]** incoming object

Returns **[boolean][60]** whether or not the item is a tab

### isAnchor

Determines if an object is an HTML Anchor Tag representing a tab's actionable element

**Parameters**

-   `obj` **[object][59]** incoming object

Returns **[boolean][60]** whether or not the item is an anchor tag

### getAnchor

Gets a reference to an Anchor tag.

**Parameters**

-   `href` **([string][62] | jQuery)** either a string that can be used as a Tab ID, or an actual jQuery wrapped Anchor Tag.

Returns **jQuery** the Anchor tag

### getPanel

Gets a reference to a Tab panel.

**Parameters**

-   `href` **([string][62] | jQuery)** either a string that can be used as a Tab ID, or an actual jQuery wrapped Anchor Tag.

Returns **jQuery** the Anchor tag

### getPreviousTab

Takes a tab ID and returns a jquery object containing the previous available tab

**Parameters**

-   `tabId` **[string][62]** the tab ID

Returns **[Array][58]&lt;jQuery>** jQuery-wrapped element reference for the tab

### activatePreviousTab

Takes a tab ID and returns a jquery object containing the previous available tab
If an optional target Tab (li) is provided, use this to perform activation events

**Parameters**

-   `tabId` **[string][62]** the tab ID
-   `target` **[Array][58]&lt;jQuery>?** a reference to the previous tab in the list (before this one)

Returns **[Array][58]&lt;jQuery>** potentially-updated target

### isURL

Determines whether or not a string has an outbound URL, instead of a hash (#) that would match up to a Tab ID.

**Parameters**

-   `href` **[string][62]** a string that may or may not contain a URL

Returns **[boolean][60]** whether or not the incoming string is a URL

### activate

Causes a new tab panel to become active.  Will also trigger AJAX calls on unloaded tab panels, if necessary.

**Parameters**

-   `href` **[string][62]** a string that either matches up to a Tab ID, or an outbound link to grab AJAX content from.

Returns **void** 

### callSource

Calls an options-provided source method to fetch content that will be displayed inside a tab.

**Parameters**

-   `href` **[string][62]** string representing the target tab to load content under.
-   `isURL` **[boolean][60]** detects whether or not the URL is actually an external /
    call, or an ID for an existing tab in the page.

Returns **([boolean][60] | $.Deferred)** true if source call was successful, false for failure/ignore,
or a promise object that will fire callbacks in either "success" or "failure" scenarios.

### resizeNestedTabs

Causes `handleResize()` to be fired on any Tab components that are nested inside of this tab component's panels.

Returns **void** 

### add

Adds a new tab into the list and properly binds all of its events

**Parameters**

-   `tabId` **[string][62]** a string representing the HTML `id` attribute of the new tab panel.
-   `options` **[object][59]** incoming options for the new tab.
    -   `options.name` **[string][62]?** the text title of the new tab.
    -   `options.doActivate` **[boolean][60]** if true, causes the newly-added tab to become activated and focused. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `options.isDismissible` **[boolean][60]** if true, causes the tab to become dismissible (closable) with an "X" button. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `options.isDropdown` **[boolean][60]** if true, causes the tab to become a dropdown tab. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `options.content` **[string][62]?** representing HTML markup that will be added inside of the new tab panel.
-   `atIndex` **[number][63]?** if defined, inserts the tab at a particular number index in the tab list.  Defaults to the last tab in the list.

Returns **this** component instance

### remove

Removes a tab from the list and cleans up properly
NOTE: Does not take advantage of _activatePreviousTab()_ due to specific needs
of selecting certain Tabs/Anchors at certain times.

**Parameters**

-   `tabId` **[string][62]** tab ID that corresponds to a `.tab-panel` element's ID attribute
-   `disableBeforeClose` **[boolean][60]** whether or not tab closing can become veteoed

Returns **([boolean][60] | this)** component instance

### createTabPanel

Adds a new tab into the list and properly binds all of its events

**Parameters**

-   `tabId` **[string][62]** a string representing the HTML `id` attribute of the new tab panel.
-   `content` **[string][62]?** representing HTML markup that will be added inside of the new tab panel.
-   `doInsert` **[boolean][60]** if true, actually appends the new content to the tab panel. (optional, default `false`)

Returns **this** component instance

### checkPopupMenuItems

**Parameters**

-   `tab` **jQuery** the tab to be checked for popupmenu items.

Returns **[Array][58]&lt;jQuery>** a list of avaiable popupmenu items

### hide

Hides a tab

**Parameters**

-   `e` **jQuery.Event** the jQuery Event
-   `tabId` **[string][62]** a string representing the HTML `id` attribute of the new tab panel.

Returns **this** component instance

### show

Shows a tab

**Parameters**

-   `e` **jQuery.Event** the jQuery Event
-   `tabId` **[string][62]** a string representing the HTML `id` attribute of the new tab panel.

Returns **this** component instance

### disableTab

Disables an individual tab

**Parameters**

-   `e` **jQuery.Event** the jQuery Event
-   `tabId` **[string][62]** a string representing the HTML `id` attribute of the new tab panel.

Returns **this** component instance

### enableTab

Enables an individual tab

**Parameters**

-   `e` **jQuery.Event** the jQuery Event
-   `tabId` **[string][62]** a string representing the HTML `id` attribute of the new tab panel.

Returns **this** component instance

### rename

Renames a tab and resets the focusable bar/animation.

**Parameters**

-   `e` **jQuery.Event** the jQuery Event
-   `tabId` **[string][62]** a string representing the HTML `id` attribute of the new tab panel.
-   `name` **[string][62]** the new tab name

Returns **void** 

### updateCount

For tabs with counts, updates the count and resets the focusable bar/animation

**Parameters**

-   `e` **jQuery.Event** the jQuery Event
-   `tabId` **[string][62]** a string representing the HTML `id` attribute of the new tab panel.
-   `count` **([number][63] \| [string][62])** the new tab count

Returns **void** 

### getActiveTab

returns the currently active tab

Returns **jQuery** the currently active tab

### getVisibleTabs

returns all visible tabs

Returns **[Array][58]&lt;jQuery>** all visible tabs

### getOverflowTabs

returns a list of all tabs that are currenly in the "More Tabs" overflow menu.

Returns **[Array][58]&lt;jQuery>** all overflowed tabs

### select

Selects a Tab

**Parameters**

-   `href` **[string][62]** a string representing the HTML `id` attribute of the new tab panel.

Returns **void** 

### buildPopupMenu

Selects a Tab

**Parameters**

-   `startingHref` **[string][62]** a string representing the HTML `href` attribute of the popupmenu item to be selected.

Returns **void** 

### isTabOverflowed

Used for checking if a particular tab (in the form of a jquery-wrapped list item)
is spilled into the overflow area of the tablist container <UL>.

**Parameters**

-   `li` **jQuery** tab list item

Returns **[boolean][60]** whether or not the tab is overflowed.

### findLastVisibleTab

Returns **jQuery** representing the last visible tab.

### findFirstVisibleTab

Returns **void** 

### focusBar

Moves the animated "selected" state bar to a new tab

**Parameters**

-   `li` **jQuery** the new tab list item
-   `callback` **[function][61]** fires after the animation is completed.

Returns **void** 

### defocusBar

Clears the animated "selected" state bar away.

Returns **void** 

### scrollTabList

Wrapper for the Soho behavior _smoothScrollTo()_ that will determine scroll distance.

**Parameters**

-   `target` **[Array][58]&lt;jQuery>** the target <li> or <a> tag
-   `duration` **[number][63]** the time it will take to scroll

Returns **[undefined][64]** 

### hideFocusState

Hides the focus state, if it's visible.

Returns **void** 

### positionFocusState

Updates the position of the focus state, to the tab/button that currently has focus.

**Parameters**

-   `target` **([Array][58]&lt;jQuery> | [HTMLElement][57])** the element that will receive the focus state
-   `unhide` **[boolean][60]?** if true, unhides the focus state if it's previously been hidden.

Returns **void** 

### checkFocusedElements

Returns **void** 

### updated

Causes the entire tabset to reset with new settings.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][59]?** incoming settings

Returns **this** component instance

### disableOtherTabs

Disables all tabs in the list

Returns **void** 

### disable

Disables the entire Tab Component

**Parameters**

-   `isPartial` **[boolean][60]** whether or not this disable call is a partial
     disabling of the tabset

Returns **void** 

### enable

Enables the entire Tabs component

Returns **void** 

### closeDismissibleTab

Pass-through for the `remove()` method, which gets used for removing a dismissible tab.

**Parameters**

-   `tabId` **[string][62]** the ID of the target tab panel

Returns **[boolean][60]** ?

### teardown

Tears down this instance of the tabs component by removing events,
other components, and extraneous markup.

Returns **this** ?

### destroy

Destroys this component instance, removing its attachment from its parent element.

Returns **void** 

[1]: #tabs

[2]: #handleoutboundlink

[3]: #hasanimatedbar

[4]: #hassquarefocusstate

[5]: #hasmorebutton

[6]: #isinresponsivemode

[7]: #ismoduletabs

[8]: #isverticaltabs

[9]: #isresponsiveverticaltabs

[10]: #isheadertabs

[11]: #isscrollabletabs

[12]: #ishidden

[13]: #isnested

[14]: #isactive

[15]: #isnestedinlayouttabs

[16]: #istab

[17]: #isanchor

[18]: #getanchor

[19]: #getpanel

[20]: #getprevioustab

[21]: #activateprevioustab

[22]: #isurl

[23]: #activate

[24]: #callsource

[25]: #resizenestedtabs

[26]: #add

[27]: #remove

[28]: #createtabpanel

[29]: #checkpopupmenuitems

[30]: #hide

[31]: #show

[32]: #disabletab

[33]: #enabletab

[34]: #rename

[35]: #updatecount

[36]: #getactivetab

[37]: #getvisibletabs

[38]: #getoverflowtabs

[39]: #select

[40]: #buildpopupmenu

[41]: #istaboverflowed

[42]: #findlastvisibletab

[43]: #findfirstvisibletab

[44]: #focusbar

[45]: #defocusbar

[46]: #scrolltablist

[47]: #hidefocusstate

[48]: #positionfocusstate

[49]: #checkfocusedelements

[50]: #updated

[51]: #disableothertabs

[52]: #disable

[53]: #enable

[54]: #closedismissibletab

[55]: #teardown

[56]: #destroy

[57]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[58]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[59]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[60]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[61]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[62]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[63]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[64]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined
