<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [ContextualActionPanel][1]
    -   [close][2]
    -   [disable][3]
    -   [enable][4]
    -   [updated][5]
    -   [destroy][6]

## ContextualActionPanel

A more complex modal for complex in page interactions.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **[string][7]** The component element.
-   `settings` **[string][7]** The component settings.
    -   `settings.id` **[string][7]** The id to use for the CAP, or defaults to generated. (optional, default `` `contextual-action-modal-cnt` ``)
    -   `settings.buttons` **[array][8]** A list of buttons that will sit in the toolbar's Buttonset area. (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.title` **[string][7]** String that sits in the toolbar's title field. (optional, default `'Contextual Action Panel'`)
    -   `settings.content` **content** Pass content through to CAP. (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.initializeContent` **[boolean][9]** Initialize content before opening with defaults. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.trigger` **[string][7]** Can be 'click' or 'immediate'. (optional, default `'click'`)

### close

Close the Contextual Action Panel if open and call destroy.

Returns **void** 

### disable

Add a disabled attribute to the main component element.

Returns **void** 

### enable

Remove disabled attribute from the main component element.

Returns **void** 

### updated

Update the component and optionally apply new settings.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][10]** the settings to update to.

Returns **[object][10]** The plugin api for chaining.

### destroy

Destroy and remove added markup and events

Returns **void** 

[1]: #contextualactionpanel

[2]: #close

[3]: #disable

[4]: #enable

[5]: #updated

[6]: #destroy

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[9]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object
