<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Icon][1]
    -   [getBasedUseTag][2]
    -   [getExistingUseTag][3]
    -   [updated][4]
    -   [teardown][5]
    -   [destroy][6]

## Icon

Icon Control
Wraps SVG Icons with a Javascript control that can change the icon type, reference
relative or absolute URLs, and clean up after itself.  Works with the Base tag.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **([Array][7]&lt;jQuery> | [HTMLElement][8])** the base element
-   `settings` **[object][9]?** incoming settings
    -   `settings.use` **[string][10]** the type of icon that will appear.
         (gets added to the `<use>` tag's `xlink:href` property) (optional, default `'user-profile'`)
    -   `settings.focusable` **[boolean][11]** whether or not this icon gets a `tabIndex` and
         becomes a focusable element on the page. (optional, default `false`)

### getBasedUseTag

Gets the currently used base tag.

Returns **[string][10]** a version of this icon's definition prefixed with the current base tag's URL.

### getExistingUseTag

Changes this icon instance's `use` setting to match an existing `<use>` tag's `xlink:href` attribute. In the event that a `<use>` tag pre-exists on an icon,
we want to retain it, and simply replace the settings.

Returns **this** component instance

### updated

Handle Updating Settings

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][9]?** incoming settings

Returns **this** component instance

### teardown

Simple Teardown - remove events & rebuildable markup.

Returns **this** component instance

### destroy

Teardown - Remove added markup and events

[1]: #icon

[2]: #getbasedusetag

[3]: #getexistingusetag

[4]: #updated

[5]: #teardown

[6]: #destroy

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[9]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[11]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean
