<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Stepprocess][1]
    -   [updated][2]
    -   [destroy][3]

## Stepprocess

A Stepprocess/wizard control

**Parameters**

-   `element` **[string][4]** The component element.
-   `settings` **[string][4]?** The component settings.
    -   `settings.linearProgression` **[boolean][5]** The Main Application Name to display
        in the header. (Defaults to false) (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.folderIconOpen` **[string][4]** A specific folder open icon. (Defaults to 'caret-up') (optional, default `'caret-up'`)
    -   `settings.folderIconClosed` **[string][4]** A specific folder close icon. (Defaults to 'caret-down') (optional, default `'caret-down'`)
    -   `settings.stepList` **[boolean][5]** Determines whether or not to display device
        information (Browser, Platform, Locale, Cookies Enabled). (optional, default `'#step-list'`)
    -   `settings.stepLi` **[string][4]** jQuery selector for the step elements. (optional, default `'.js-step'`)
    -   `settings.stepLink` **[boolean][5]** jQuery selector for the step link elements. (optional, default `'.js-step-link'`)
    -   `settings.stepFolder` **[string][4]** jQuery selector for the step folder elements. (optional, default `'.js-step-folder'`)
    -   `settings.btnPrev` **[string][4]** jQuery selector for the previous step button. (optional, default `'.js-step-link-prev'`)
    -   `settings.btnNext` **[string][4]** jQuery selector for the next step button. (optional, default `'.js-step-link-prev'`)
    -   `settings.beforeSelectStep` **[function][6]?** A callback (function or promise)
        that gives args: stepLink (the step link element) and isStepping
        (whether we are prev/next'ing or not).

### updated

Resync the UI and Settings.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][7]** The settings to apply.

Returns **[object][7]** The api

### destroy

Destroy this component instance and remove the link from its base element.

Returns **void** 

[1]: #stepprocess

[2]: #updated

[3]: #destroy

[4]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[5]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[6]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object
