<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [BLOCKGRID_DEFAULTS][1]
-   [ComponentName][2]
-   [init][3]
-   [selectBlock][4]
-   [updated][5]
-   [destroy][6]
-   [selected][7]
-   [unselected][8]

## BLOCKGRID_DEFAULTS

Blockgrid Default Settings

**Properties**

-   `dataset` **[array][9]** An array of data objects
-   `selectable` **[string][10]** Controls the selection mode this can be:
    false, 'single' or 'multiple' or 'mixed'

## ComponentName

Component Name - Does this and that.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **[string][10]** The plugin element for the constuctor
-   `settings` **[string][10]** The settings element.

## init

Do initialization, build up and / or add events ect.

Returns **[object][11]** The Component prototype, useful for chaining.

## selectBlock

Run selection over a block item

**Parameters**

-   `activeBlock` **[element][12]** Dom element to use
-   `isCheckbox` **[boolean][13]** True if a checkbox, used for mixed mode.
-   `isKey` **[boolean][13]** True if a key was used on the checkbox, used for mixed mode.

## updated

Handle updated settings and values.

Returns **\[type]** [description]

## destroy

Teardown - Remove added markup and events.

## selected

Fires when a block is selected

**Properties**

-   `event` **[object][11]** The jquery event object
-   `ui` **[object][11]** The dialog object

## unselected

Fires when a block is unselected

**Properties**

-   `event` **[object][11]** The jquery event object
-   `ui` **[object][11]** The dialog object

[1]: #blockgrid_defaults

[2]: #componentname

[3]: #init

[4]: #selectblock

[5]: #updated

[6]: #destroy

[7]: #selected

[8]: #unselected

[9]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[11]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[12]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Element

[13]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean
