<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [DatePicker][1]
    -   [enable][2]
    -   [disable][3]
    -   [readonly][4]
    -   [getCurrentDate][5]
    -   [updated][6]
    -   [destroy][7]

## DatePicker

A component to support date entry.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **([Array][8]&lt;jQuery> | [HTMLElement][9])** The component element.
-   `settings` **[object][10]?** The component settings.
    -   `settings.showTime` **[boolean][11]** If true the time selector will be shown. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.timeFormat` **[string][12]?** Format to use time section fx HH:mm,
         defaults current locale settings.
    -   `settings.minuteInterval` **[number][13]?** 
    -   `settings.secondInterval` **[number][13]?** 
    -   `settings.mode` **[string][12]?** Time picker options: 'standard', 'range',
         this controls the time picker.
    -   `settings.roundToInterval` **[boolean][11]?** In time picker mode, if a non-matching
         minutes value is entered,
         rounds the minutes value to the nearest interval when the field is blurred.
    -   `settings.dateFormat` **[string][12]** Defaults to current locale but can be (optional, default `'locale'`)
    -   `settings.placeholder` **[string][12]** Text to show in input element while empty. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.disable` **[object][10]?** Disable dates in various ways.
        For example `{minDate: 'M/d/yyyy', maxDate: 'M/d/yyyy'}`. Dates should be in format M/d/yyyy
        or be a Date() object or string that can be converted to a date with new Date().
        -   `settings.disable.dates` **[array][8]?** Disable specific dates.
            Example `{dates: ['12/31/2018', '01/01/2019'}`.
        -   `settings.disable.minDate` **([string][12] \| [date][14])?** Disable up to a minimum date.
            Example `{minDate: '12/31/2016'}`.
        -   `settings.disable.maxDate` **([string][12] \| [date][14])?** Disable up to a maximum date.
            Example `{minDate: '12/31/2019'}`.
        -   `settings.disable.dayOfWeek` **[array][8]?** Disable a specific of days of the week 0-6.
            Example `{dayOfWeek: [0,6]}`.
        -   `settings.disable.isEnable` **[boolean][11]** Inverse the disable settings.
            If true all the disable settings will be enabled and the rest will be disabled.
            So you can inverse the settings.
            For example if you have more non specific dates to disable then enable ect. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.showLegend` **[boolean][11]** If true a legend is show to associate dates. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.customValidation` **[boolean][11]** If true the internal validation is disabled. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.showMonthYearPicker` **[boolean][11]** If true the month and year will render as dropdowns. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.hideDays` **[boolean][11]** If true the days portion of the calendar will be hidden.
         Usefull for Month/Year only formats. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.advanceMonths` **[number][13]** The number of months in each direction to show in
         the dropdown for months (when initially opening) (optional, default `5`)
    -   `settings.legend` **[array][8]?** Legend Build up
        for example `[{name: 'Public Holiday', color: '#76B051', dates: []},
        {name: 'Weekends', color: '#EFA836', dayOfWeek: []}]`
    -   `settings.range` **[object][10]?** Range between two dates with various options.
        -   `settings.range.useRange` **[boolean][11]** Use range of two dates options. (optional, default `false`)
        -   `settings.range.start` **([string][12] \| [date][14])?** Start date in range.
        -   `settings.range.end` **([string][12] \| [date][14])?** End date in range.
        -   `settings.range.separator` **[string][12]** Visual separator between two dates. (optional, default `' - '`)
        -   `settings.range.minDays` **[number][13]** Minimum days to be in range. (optional, default `0`)
        -   `settings.range.maxDays` **[number][13]** Maximum days to be in range. (optional, default `0`)
        -   `settings.range.selectForward` **[boolean][11]** Range only in forward direction. (optional, default `false`)
        -   `settings.range.selectBackward` **[boolean][11]** Range only in backward direction. (optional, default `false`)
        -   `settings.range.includeDisabled` **[boolean][11]** Include disable dates in range of dates. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.calendarName` **[string][12]?** The name of the calendar to use in instance of
        multiple calendars. At this time only ar-SA and ar-EG locales have either
        'gregorian' or 'islamic-umalqura' as valid values.
    -   `settings.useUTC` **[boolean][11]** If true the dates will use UTC format. This is only partially
        implemented [https://jira.infor.com/browse/SOHO-3437][15] (optional, default `false`)

### enable

Set input to enabled.

Returns **void** 

### disable

Set input to disabled.

Returns **void** 

### readonly

Set input to readonly.

Returns **void** 

### getCurrentDate

Get the current date from the field. In date format

Returns **[Date][14]** the set date object

### updated

Updates the component instance. Can be used after being passed new settings.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][10]** The settings to apply.

Returns **[object][10]** The api

### destroy

Destroy and remove added markup, reset back to default

Returns **void** 

[1]: #datepicker

[2]: #enable

[3]: #disable

[4]: #readonly

[5]: #getcurrentdate

[6]: #updated

[7]: #destroy

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[9]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[11]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[12]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[13]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[14]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date

[15]: https://jira.infor.com/browse/SOHO-3437
