<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Radar][1]
    -   [updateData][2]
    -   [getSelected][3]
    -   [setSelected][4]
    -   [toggleSelected][5]
    -   [updated][6]
    -   [destroy][7]
-   [selected][8]
-   [deselected][9]

## Radar

A radar chart is a graphical method of displaying multivariate data in the form of a
two-dimensional chart of three or more quantitative variables represented on axes starting
from the same poin

**Parameters**

-   `element` **[string][10]** The plugin element for the constuctor
-   `settings` **[string][10]** The settings element.
    -   `settings.dataset` **[array][11]** The data to use in the radar
    -   `settings.redrawOnResize` **[boolean][12]** If false, the component will not resize when resizing the page. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.margin` **[object][13]?** The margins of the SVG, you may want to adjust
        depending on text location.
    -   `settings.levels` **[number][14]** How many levels or inner circles should there be drawn. (optional, default `4`)
    -   `settings.maxValue` **[number][14]** What is the value that the biggest circle will represent (optional, default `0`)
    -   `settings.labelFactor` **[number][14]** How far out than the outer circle should the labels be placed,
        this may be useful to adjust for some charts. (optional, default `1.27`)
    -   `settings.wrapWidth` **[number][14]** The number of pixels after which a label needs to be
        given a new line. You may want to change this based on label data. (optional, default `60`)
    -   `settings.showCrosslines` **[boolean][12]** Set to false to hide the cross line axes. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.showAxisLabels` **[boolean][12]** Set to false to hide percent labels. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.opacityArea` **[number][14]** The opacity value of the blobs. This is set to the correct Infor Style. (optional, default `0.2`)
    -   `settings.dotRadius` **[number][14]** The size of the colored circles of each blog. Set to zero to remove dots. (optional, default `3`)
    -   `settings.opacityCircles` **[number][14]** The opacity of the circles of each blob 0 or .1 are good values.
        This is set to the correct Infor Style. (optional, default `0`)
    -   `settings.strokeWidth` **[number][14]** The width of the stroke around each blob.
        This is set to the correct Infor Style. (optional, default `1`)
    -   `settings.roundStrokes` **[boolean][12]** If true the area and stroke will follow a
        round path (cardinal-closed). (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.showCrosslines` **[boolean][12]** If false the axis lines will not be shown in the diagonals. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.showAxisLabels` **[boolean][12]** If false the axis labels will not be shown. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.axisFormatter` **[string][10]** D3 formatter to use on the axis labels (optional, default `'.0%'`)
    -   `settings.colors` **[array][11]?** An array of colors to use.
    -   `settings.showTooltips` **[boolean][12]** If false no tooltips will be shown. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.tooltip` **[object][13]?** A setting that controls the tooltip values and format.
        -   `settings.tooltip.show` **[string][10]** Controls what is visible in the tooltip, this can be value, label
            or percent or custom function. (optional, default `'value'`)
        -   `settings.tooltip.formatter` **[object][13]** The d3.formatter string. (optional, default `'.0%'`)
    -   `settings.showLegend` **[boolean][12]** If false the legend will not be shown. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.legendPlacement` **[string][10]** Where to locate the legend. This can be bottom or right at
        the moment. (optional, default `'right'`)
    -   `settings.emptyMessage` **[object][13]?** An empty message will be displayed when there is no chart data.
        This accepts an object of the form emptyMessage:
        `{title: 'No Data Available',
         info: 'Make a selection on the list above to see results', icon: 'icon-empty-no-data',
         button: {text: 'xxx', click: <function>}
         }`
         Set this to null for no message or will default to 'No Data Found with an icon.'

### updateData

Update the chart with a new dataset

**Parameters**

-   `data` **[object][13]** The data to use.

### getSelected

Get info on the currently selected lines.

Returns **[object][13]** An object with the matching data and reference to the triggering element.

### setSelected

Get info on the currently selected lines.

**Parameters**

-   `o` **[object][13]** The selection data object
-   `isToggle` **[boolean][12]** If true toggle the current state.

### toggleSelected

Get info on the currently selected lines.

**Parameters**

-   `options` **[object][13]** The selected info object.

### updated

Handle updated settings and values.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][13]** The new settings to use.

Returns **[object][13]** The api for chaining.

### destroy

Teardown - Remove added markup and events.

Returns **void** 

## selected

Fires when the chart is complete done rendering, for customization.

**Properties**

-   `data` **[object][13]** The data element attached
-   `elem` **[HTMLElement][15]** The dom element
-   `index` **[number][14]** The index for this blob.

## deselected

Fires when the chart is complete done rendering, for customization.

**Properties**

-   `data` **[object][13]** The data element attached
-   `elem` **[HTMLElement][15]** The dom element
-   `index` **[number][14]** The index for this blob.

[1]: #radar

[2]: #updatedata

[3]: #getselected

[4]: #setselected

[5]: #toggleselected

[6]: #updated

[7]: #destroy

[8]: #selected

[9]: #deselected

[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[11]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[12]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[13]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[14]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[15]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element
