<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Lookup][1]
    -   [createModal][2]
    -   [createGrid][3]
    -   [selectGridRows][4]
    -   [selectRowByValue][5]
    -   [insertRows][6]
    -   [enable][7]
    -   [disable][8]
    -   [readonly][9]
    -   [isDisabled][10]
    -   [isReadonly][11]
    -   [updated][12]
    -   [destroy][13]

## Lookup

Input element that opens a dialog with a list for selection.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **([Array][14]&lt;jquery> | [htmlelement][15])** the base element
-   `settings` **[object][16]?** incoming settings
    -   `settings.click` **[function][17]?** Provide a special function to run when the dialog opens to customize the interaction entirely.
    -   `settings.field` **[string][18]** Field name to return from the dataset or can be a function which returns a string on logic (optional, default `'id'`)
    -   `settings.title` **[string][18]?** Dialog title to show, or befault shows  field label + "Lookup"
    -   `settings.buttons` **[array][14]?** Pass dialog buttons or Cancel / Apply
    -   `settings.options` **[object][16]?** Options to pass to the datagrid
    -   `settings.beforeShow` **[function][17]?** Call back that executes async before the lookup is opened.
    -   `settings.modalContent` **[string][18]?** Custom modal markup can be sent in here
    -   `settings.editable` **[boolean][19]** Can the user type text in the field (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.autoApply` **[boolean][19]** If set to false the dialog wont apply the value on clicking a value. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.validator` **[function][17]?** A function that fires to let you validate form items on open and select
    -   `settings.autoWidth` **[boolean][19]** If true the field will grow/change in size based on the content selected. (optional, default `false`)

### createModal

Overidable function to create the modal dialog

Returns **void** 

### createGrid

Overridable Function in which we create the grid on the current UI dialog.

**Parameters**

-   `grid` **[Array][14]&lt;jquery>** jQuery wrapped element containing a pre-invoked datagrid instance

Returns **void** 

### selectGridRows

Given a field value, select the row

**Parameters**

-   `val` **[object][16]** incoming value from the grid row

Returns **void** 

### selectRowByValue

Find the row and select it based on select value / function / field value

**Parameters**

-   `field` **[string][18]** the ID of the field whose value is to be returned.
-   `value` **[string][18]** the value to set.

Returns **void** 

### insertRows

Get the selected rows and return them to the UI

Returns **void** 

### enable

Enable the input.

Returns **void** 

### disable

Disable the input.

Returns **void** 

### readonly

Make the input readonly.

Returns **void** 

### isDisabled

Input is disabled or not

Returns **[boolean][19]** whether or not the Input is disabled

### isReadonly

Input is readonly or not

Returns **[boolean][19]** whether or not the Input is readonly

### updated

Updates the lookup instance with new settings

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][16]** incoming settings

Returns **void** 

### destroy

Teardown events and objects.

Returns **void** 

[1]: #lookup

[2]: #createmodal

[3]: #creategrid

[4]: #selectgridrows

[5]: #selectrowbyvalue

[6]: #insertrows

[7]: #enable

[8]: #disable

[9]: #readonly

[10]: #isdisabled

[11]: #isreadonly

[12]: #updated

[13]: #destroy

[14]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[15]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[16]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[17]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[18]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[19]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean
