<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [SwapList][1]
    -   [getAvailable][2]
    -   [getSelected][3]
    -   [getAdditional][4]
    -   [updateDataset][5]
    -   [destroy][6]

## SwapList

The SwapList Component creates a list of options that can be picked and organized.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **[object][7]** The component element.
-   `settings` **[object][7]?** The component settings.
    -   `settings.searchable` **[boolean][8]** If true, associates itself with a Searchfield/Autocomplete
         and allows itself to be filtered (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.available` **[array][9]?** An array containing items for the available bucket.
    -   `settings.selected` **[array][9]?** An array containing items for the selected bucket.
    -   `settings.additional` **[array][9]?** An array containing items for the additional bucket.
    -   `settings.availableClass` **[string][10]** A class name linking the available root element. (optional, default `'.available'`)
    -   `settings.selectedClass` **[string][10]** A class name linking the selected root element. (optional, default `'.selected'`)
    -   `settings.additionalClass` **[string][10]** A class name linking the additional root element. (optional, default `'.full-access'`)
    -   `settings.availableBtn` **[string][10]** A class name linking the available button element. (optional, default `'.btn-moveto-selected'`)
    -   `settings.selectedBtnLeft` **[string][10]** A class name linking the move left button element. (optional, default `'.btn-moveto-left'`)
    -   `settings.selectedBtnRight` **[string][10]** A class name linking the move right button element. (optional, default `'.btn-moveto-right'`)
    -   `settings.additionalBtn` **[string][10]** A class name linking the additional button element. (optional, default `'.btn-moveto-selected'`)
    -   `settings.template` **[string][10]?** An Html String with the mustache template for the view.
    -   `settings.draggable` **[object][7]?** An object containing boolean key/value to make container/s
         disable for dragging and moving items. Supported keys with draggable are "available",
         "selected", "additional".

### getAvailable

Get the current representative dataset with only the available elements in it.

Returns **([object][7] \| [array][9])** dataset

### getSelected

Get the current representative dataset with only the selected elements in it.

Returns **([object][7] \| [array][9])** dataset

### getAdditional

Get the current representative dataset with only the additional elements in it.

Returns **([object][7] \| [array][9])** dataset

### updateDataset

Updates the internal datasets and refresh the ui.

**Parameters**

-   `ds` **[object][7]** The updated dataset(s) of the form.
     `{available: [], selected: [], additional: []}`

Returns **void** 

### destroy

Destroys this instance of the swaplist component and removes its link to its base element.

Returns **void** 

[1]: #swaplist

[2]: #getavailable

[3]: #getselected

[4]: #getadditional

[5]: #updatedataset

[6]: #destroy

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[9]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String
