<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [PopupMenu][1]
    -   [isRTL][2]
    -   [renderItem][3]
    -   [toData][4]
    -   [markupItems][5]
    -   [refreshMenuItem][6]
    -   [getPositionFromEvent][7]
    -   [position][8]
    -   [highlight][9]
    -   [select][10]
    -   [getSelected][11]
    -   [isInSelectableSection][12]
    -   [isInSingleSelectSection][13]
    -   [isInMultiselectSection][14]
    -   [detach][15]
    -   [close][16]
    -   [teardown][17]
    -   [updated][18]
    -   [destroy][19]

## PopupMenu

Responsive Popup Menu Control aka Context Menu when doing a right click action.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **([Array][20]&lt;jquery> | [htmlelement][21])** The component element.
-   `settings` **[object][22]?** The component settings.
    -   `settings.menu` **[string][23]?** Menu's ID Selector, or a jQuery object representing a menu.
    -   `settings.trigger` **[string][23]** Action on which to trigger a menu can be: click, rightClick, immediate ect. (optional, default `'click'`)
    -   `settings.autoFocus` **[boolean][24]** If false the focus will not focus the first list element. (At the cost of accessibility). (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.attachToBody` **[boolean][24]** If true the menu will be moved out to the body. To be used in certin overflow situations. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.beforeOpen` **[function][25]?** Callback that can be used for populating the contents of the menu.
    -   `settings.ariaListbox` **[string][23]** Switches aria to use listbox construct instead of menu construct (internal). (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.eventObj` **[string][23]?** Can pass in the event object so you can do a right click with immediate.
    -   `settings.returnFocus` **[string][23]?** If set to false, focus will not be
        returned to the calling element. It usually should be for accessibility purposes.
    -   `settings.placementOpts` **[object][22]** Gets passed to this control's Place behavior. (optional, default `newPlacementObject({
        containerOffsetX:10,
        containerOffsetY:10,
        strategies:['flip','shrink']
        })`)
    -   `settings.offset` **[object][22]** Can tweak the menu position in the x and y direction. Takes an object of form: `{x: 0, y: 0}`. (optional, default `{x:0,y:0}`)
    -   `settings.predefined` **[Array][20]&lt;jQuery>** containing references to menu items that should be passed to the "predefined" hash. (optional, default `$()`)

### isRTL

Checks whether or not Right-To-Left reading mode is active.

Returns **[boolean][24]** whether or not the reading/writing direction is RTL

### renderItem

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **([object][22] \| [Array][20]&lt;[object][22]>)** JSON-friendly object that represents a popupmenu item, or array of items.
    -   `settings.id` **[string][23]?** adds an ID to the item's anchor tag
    -   `settings.separator` **[boolean][24]** causes this menu item to be a separator (overrides everything else) (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.heading` **[string][23]** Produces a heading element after a separator with text content. (optional, default `""`)
    -   `settings.nextSectionSelect` **[string][23]?** can be null, "single", or "multiple"
    -   `settings.text` **[string][23]** contains the text that will be displayed.
    -   `settings.icon` **([string][23] | null)** applies an icon to the menu item (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.selectable` **([string][23] | null)?** can be null, "single", or "multiple"
    -   `settings.disabled` **[boolean][24]** causes the item to be disabled. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.submenu` **[Array][20]&lt;[object][22]>?** array of settings object contstructed just like this one, that represent submenu items.
    -   `settings.noMenuWrap` **[boolean][24]** if true, causes multiple top-level menu items not to be wrapped by a `<ul class="popupmenu"></ul>` (optional, default `false`)

Returns **[string][23]** HTML representing a Popupmenu item with the settings passed.

### toData

Converts the contents of a popupmenu or submenu to a JSON-friendly object structure.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][22]** incoming conversion settings (optional, default `{}`)
    -   `settings.contextElement` **([Array][20]&lt;jQuery> | [HTMLElement][21])?** the top-most element that will
         be modified (defaults to the top-level menu).
    -   `settings.noMenuWrap` **[boolean][24]?** if true, will pass an array as the top-level data instead
         of an object with a `menu` property.

Returns **([object][22] \| [Array][20]&lt;[object][22]>)** an object representation of this popupmenu's current state.

### markupItems

**Parameters**

-   `contextElement` **([Array][20]&lt;jQuery> | [HTMLElement][21])?** the top-most element that will
     be modified (defaults to the top-level menu).

Returns **void** 

### refreshMenuItem

Takes a pre-existing menu item and refreshes its state

**Parameters**

-   `item` **[HTMLElement][21]** the menu item to be refreshed
-   `data` **[object][22]** representing a Popupmenu data structure, containing updated state information
-   `callback` **[function][25]?** runs on completion of the item refresh.  Can be used for adding additional
     important flags/properties to the Menu Item for a specific implementation.

Returns **void** 

### getPositionFromEvent

Get the event position, handling browser cases (IE,FF) as well as SVG

**Parameters**

-   `e` **jQuery.Event** the mouse event to be checked for pageX/pageY

Returns **[object][22]** containing x/y coordinates

### position

Sets the position of the context menu.

**Parameters**

-   `e` **jQuery.Event** jQuery Event that caused the menu to open (can be several types)

Returns **void** 

### highlight

Places a highlighted visual state on an item inside the menu

**Parameters**

-   `anchor` **[Array][20]&lt;jQuery>** the anchor tag representing the menu item.

Returns **void** 

### select

Adds/removes checkmarks that are in selectable groups inside the Popupmenu

**Parameters**

-   `anchor` **[Array][20]&lt;jQuery>** the anchor tag representing the menu item.

Returns **[array][20]** updated references to the anchor and its state.

### getSelected

Gets references to top-level menu items that are currently selected.

Returns **[Array][20]&lt;jQuery>** elements inside the top-level menu that are selected.

### isInSelectableSection

Determines whether or not an anchor resides inside of a selectable Popupmenu section.

**Parameters**

-   `anchor` **[Array][20]&lt;jQuery>** the anchor tag being checked.

Returns **[Array][20]&lt;jQuery>** elements inside the top-level menu that are selected.

### isInSingleSelectSection

Determines whether or not an anchor resides inside of a single-selectable Popupmenu section.

**Parameters**

-   `anchor` **[Array][20]&lt;jQuery>** the anchor tag being checked.

Returns **[Array][20]&lt;jQuery>** elements inside the top-level menu that are selected
 within a single-selectable section.

### isInMultiselectSection

Determines whether or not an anchor resides inside of a multi-selectable Popupmenu section.

**Parameters**

-   `anchor` **[Array][20]&lt;jQuery>** the anchor tag being checked.

Returns **[Array][20]&lt;jQuery>** elements inside the top-level menu that are selected
 within a multi-selectable section.

### detach

Removes event listeners from all popupmenu elements.

Returns **void** 

### close

Close the open menu

**Parameters**

-   `isCancelled` **[boolean][24]** Internally set option used if the operation is a cancel.
     Wont matter for manual api call.
-   `noFocus` **[boolean][24]?** Do not return focus to the calling element (fx a button)

### teardown

Removes bound events and generated markup from this component

Returns **void** 

### updated

Updates this Popupmenu instance with new settings

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][22]?** incoming settings

Returns **this** component instance

### destroy

Teardown markup and detach all events.

Returns **void** 

[1]: #popupmenu

[2]: #isrtl

[3]: #renderitem

[4]: #todata

[5]: #markupitems

[6]: #refreshmenuitem

[7]: #getpositionfromevent

[8]: #position

[9]: #highlight

[10]: #select

[11]: #getselected

[12]: #isinselectablesection

[13]: #isinsingleselectsection

[14]: #isinmultiselectsection

[15]: #detach

[16]: #close

[17]: #teardown

[18]: #updated

[19]: #destroy

[20]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[21]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[22]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[23]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[24]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[25]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function
