<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [BusyIndicator][1]
    -   [close][2]
    -   [updated][3]
    -   [isActive][4]
    -   [destroy][5]

## BusyIndicator

A Busy Indicator notifies the user that the system is processing a request, and that they must
wait for that request to be processed before continuing with the current task.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **[object][6]** The plugin starting element.
-   `settings` **[object][6]?** The settings to use.
    -   `settings.blockUI` **[string][7]** makes the element that Busy Indicator is invoked on unusable while it's displayed. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.text` **[string][7]** Custom Text To Show or Will Show Localized Loading.... (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.displayDelay` **[string][7]** Number in miliseconds to pass before the markup is displayed. If 0, displays immediately. (optional, default `1000`)
    -   `settings.timeToComplete` **[boolean][8]** fires the 'complete' trigger at a certain timing interval. If 0, goes indefinitely. (optional, default `0`)
    -   `settings.transparentOverlay` **[string][7]** If true, allows the "blockUI" setting to display
        an overlay that prevents interaction, but appears transparent instead of gray. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.overlayOnly` **[string][7]** If true, the busy indicator will only be the overlay. (optional, default `false`)

### close

Removes the appended markup and hides any trace of the indicator.

**Parameters**

-   `fromEvent` **[boolean][8]** Designates the close is comming from an event (internal)

Returns **void** 

### updated

Update the component and apply current settings.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][6]** the settings to update to.

Returns **this** component instance.

### isActive

Returns if the indicator is active or not.

Returns **[boolean][8]** If the busy indicator is active.

### destroy

Teardown and remove any added markup and events.

Returns **void** 

[1]: #busyindicator

[2]: #close

[3]: #updated

[4]: #isactive

[5]: #destroy

[6]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean
