<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Pie][1]
    -   [updateData][2]
    -   [toggleSelected][3]
    -   [updated][4]
    -   [destroy][5]

## Pie

A pie chart (or a circle chart) is a circular statistical graphic which is divided
into slices to illustrate numerical proportion. In a pie chart, the arc length of each slice is proportional to the quantity it represents.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **([Array][6]&lt;jquery> | [htmlelement][7])** The plugin element for the constuctor
-   `settings` **[object][8]?** The component settings.
    -   `settings.dataset` **[array][6]?** The data to use in the line/area/bubble.
    -   `settings.isDonut` **[boolean][9]** If true it renders as a donut chart. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.animationSpeed` **[number][10]** Controls the animation speed (optional, default `600`)
    -   `settings.animate` **([boolean][9] \| [string][11])** true|false - will do or not do the animation and 'initial' will do only first time the animation. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.redrawOnResize` **[boolean][9]** If true, the component will not resize when resizing the page. There is tooltip values provided.
        It will not be shown. If you still want lines at the lower breakpoint you can set this to true (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.hideCenterLabel` **[boolean][9]** If false the center label will not be shown. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.showLines` **[boolean][9]** If false connector lines wont be shown (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.showLinesMobile` **[boolean][9]** This defaults to false, when false and under 450px the lines (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.lines` **[object][8]?** A setting that controls the line values and format.
    -   `settings.showLegend` **[boolean][9]** If false the legend will not be shown. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.legendPlacement` **[string][11]** Where to locate the legend. This can be bottom or right at the moment. (optional, default `'right'`)
    -   `settings.legend` **[object][8]?** A setting that controls the legend values and format.
        -   `settings.legend.show` **[string][11]** Controls what is visible
            in the legend, this can be value, value (percent), label or percent or your own custom function. (optional, default `'label (percent)'`)
        -   `settings.legend.formatter` **[string][11]** The d3.formatter string. (optional, default `'.0f'`)
    -   `settings.showTooltips` **[boolean][9]** If false now tooltips will be shown (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.tooltip` **[object][8]?** A setting that controls the tooltip values and format.
        -   `settings.tooltip.show` **[string][11]** Controls what is visible in
            the tooltip, this can be value, label or percent or custom function. (optional, default `'label (value)'`)
        -   `settings.tooltip.formatter` **[string][11]** The d3.formatter string. (optional, default `'.0f'`)

### updateData

Update the chart with a new dataset

**Parameters**

-   `data` **[object][8]** The data to use.

Returns **void** 

### toggleSelected

Get info on the currently selected lines.

**Parameters**

-   `options` **[object][8]** The selected info object.

Returns **void** 

### updated

Handle updated settings and values.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][8]** The new settings to use.

Returns **[object][8]** The api for chaining.

### destroy

Teardown - Remove added markup and events.

Returns **void** 

[1]: #pie

[2]: #updatedata

[3]: #toggleselected

[4]: #updated

[5]: #destroy

[6]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[9]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[11]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String
