<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Drag][1]
    -   [getElementsFromPoint][2]
    -   [updated][3]
    -   [destroy][4]

## Drag

Drag/Drop functions with touch support.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **([Array][5]&lt;jQuery> | [HTMLElement][6])** The component element.
-   `settings` **[object][7]?** The component settings.
    -   `settings.axis` **[string][8]?** Constrains dragging to either axis. Possible values: null, 'x', 'y'
    -   `settings.clone` **[boolean][9]** Set to true to clone the object to drag. In many situations this is
         needed to break out of layout. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.cloneCssClass` **[string][8]** Css class added to clone element (defaults is 'is-clone') (optional, default `'is-clone'`)
    -   `settings.clonePosIsFixed` **[boolean][9]** If true cloned object will use css style "position: fixed" (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.cloneAppendTo` **[string][8]?** Selector to append to for the clone
        ['body'|'parent'|'jquery object'] default:'body'
    -   `settings.containment` **[boolean][9]** Constrains dragging to within the bounds of the specified element
         or region. Possible values: "parent", "document", "window". (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.obstacle` **[string][8]?** jQuery Selector of object(s) that you cannot drag into,
    -   `settings.underElements` **[boolean][9]** If set to true will return list of elements that are
        underneath the drag element (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.containmentOffset` **[object][7]** How close to the containment object should we be allowed
        to drag in position form. `{left: 0, top: 0}` (optional, default `{left:0,top:0}`)

### getElementsFromPoint

Get elements from given point.

**Parameters**

-   `x` **[number][10]** The x-coordinate of the Point.
-   `y` **[number][10]** The y-coordinate of the Point.

### updated

Update the component and optionally apply new settings.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][7]** the settings to update to.

### destroy

Detach all functionality and events.

[1]: #drag

[2]: #getelementsfrompoint

[3]: #updated

[4]: #destroy

[5]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[6]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[9]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number
