<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Slider][1]
    -   [getIncrement][2]
    -   [increaseValue][3]
    -   [decreaseValue][4]
    -   [updateTooltip][5]
    -   [value][6]
    -   [enable][7]
    -   [disable][8]
    -   [readonly][9]
    -   [isDisabled][10]
    -   [isVertical][11]
    -   [setValue][12]
    -   [updated][13]
    -   [destroy][14]

## Slider

Touch Enabled/Responsive and Accessible Slider Control

**Parameters**

-   `element` **([Array][15]&lt;jQuery> | [HTMLElement][16])** The DOM element
-   `settings` **[object][17]?** incoming settings
    -   `settings.value` **[array][15]** An array with the slider values. Or one if a single value slider. (optional, default `[50]`)
    -   `settings.min` **[number][18]** The minimum slider value. (optional, default `0`)
    -   `settings.max` **[number][18]** The maximum slider value. (optional, default `100`)
    -   `settings.range` **[boolean][19]** If true a range slider with two selectors is formed. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.step` **([undefined][20] \| [Number][18])?** If added will be the number of slider steps to use.
    -   `settings.ticks` **[array][15]** An array of the ticks to use for the steps (optional, default `[]`)
    -   `settings.tooltipContent` **([undefined][20] \| [Array][15])?** Special customizable tooltip content.
    -   `settings.persistTooltip` **[boolean][19]** If true the tooltip will stay visible. (optional, default `false`)

### getIncrement

Gets a 10% increment/decrement as a value within the range of minimum and maximum values.

Returns **[number][18]** nearest 10% increment

### increaseValue

Increases the value of one of the slider handles, accounting for step value, percentage, etc.
Also visually updates the handle on the visual part of the slider.

**Parameters**

-   `e` **jQuery.Event** jQuery `click` or `keydown` event.
-   `handle` **[Array][15]&lt;jQuery>** represents a slider handle element.
-   `value` **[number][18]?** target value - will be automatically determined if not passed.
-   `increment` **[number][18]?** an integer that will be used as the amount to increment.

### decreaseValue

Decreases the value of one of the slider handles, accounting for step value, percentage, etc.
Also visually updates the handle on the visual part of the slider.

**Parameters**

-   `e` **jQuery.Event** jQuery `click` or `keydown` event.
-   `handle` **[Array][15]&lt;jQuery>** element representing a slider handle.
-   `value` **[number][18]?** target value - will be automatically determined if not passed.
-   `decrement` **[number][18]?** an integer that will be used as the amount to decrement.

### updateTooltip

If tooltips are active, updates the current placement and content of the Tooltip.
If no handle argument is passed, this method simply hides both handles' tooltips.

**Parameters**

-   `handle` **[Array][15]&lt;jQuery>?** element representing a slider handle.

### value

External Facing Function to set the value. Works as percent for now but need it on ticks.
NOTE:  Does not visually update the range.  Use _setValue()_ to do both in one swoop.

**Parameters**

-   `minVal` **[number][18]** the smaller handle's value
-   `maxVal` **[number][18]?** the larger handle's value, if applicable

Returns **[array][15]** both currently set handle values

### enable

Enables the slider instance.

Returns **this** component instance

### disable

Disables the slider instance.

Returns **this** component instance

### readonly

Sets the slider in a readonly state

Returns **this** component instance

### isDisabled

Detects whether or not this slider is disabled

Returns **[boolean][19]** whether or not this slider is disabled

### isVertical

Detects whether or not this slider is vertical

Returns **[boolean][19]** whether or not this slider is vertical

### setValue

Externally-facing function that updates the current values and correctly
animates the range handles, if applicable.

**Parameters**

-   `lowVal` **[number][18]** the value for the lower slider handle.
-   `highVal` **[number][18]?** the value for the upper slider handle, if applicable.

Returns **[array][15]** the newly set values

### updated

Updates the slider instance after a settings change.
Settings and markup are complicated in the slider so we just destroy and re-invoke it
with fresh settings.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **([object][17] \| [function][21])?** incoming settings

Returns **this** component instance

### destroy

Destroys the slider component instance and unlinks it from its base element.

[1]: #slider

[2]: #getincrement

[3]: #increasevalue

[4]: #decreasevalue

[5]: #updatetooltip

[6]: #value

[7]: #enable

[8]: #disable

[9]: #readonly

[10]: #isdisabled

[11]: #isvertical

[12]: #setvalue

[13]: #updated

[14]: #destroy

[15]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[16]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[17]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[18]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[19]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[20]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined

[21]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function
