<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Hierarchy][1]
    -   [updated][2]
    -   [destroy][3]

## Hierarchy

The displays customizable hierarchical data such as an org chart.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **[string][4]** The component element.
-   `settings` **[string][4]?** The component settings.
    -   `settings.legend` **[string][4]?** Pass in custom markdown for the legend structure.
    -   `settings.legendKey` **[string][4]?** Key to use for the legend matching
    -   `settings.dataset` **[string][4]** Hierarchical Data to display (optional, default `[]`)
    -   `settings.newData` **[boolean][5]** New data to be appended into dataset (optional, default `[]`)
    -   `settings.templateId` **[string][4]?** Additional product name information to display
    -   `settings.mobileView` **[boolean][5]** If true will only show mobile view, default using device info. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.leafHeight` **[number][6]** Set the height of the leaf (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.leafWidth` **[number][6]** Set the width of the leaf (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.beforeExpand` **[string][4]** A callback that fires before node expansion of a node. (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.paging` **[boolean][5]** If true show pagination. (optional, default `false`)

### updated

Resync the UI and Settings.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][7]** The settings to apply.

Returns **[object][7]** The api

### destroy

Removes the component from existence

Returns **void** 

[1]: #hierarchy

[2]: #updated

[3]: #destroy

[4]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[5]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[6]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object
