<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [EXPANDABLEAREA_DEFAULTS][1]
-   [ExpandableArea][2]
    -   [isDisabled][3]
    -   [isExpanded][4]
    -   [toggleExpanded][5]
    -   [open][6]
    -   [close][7]
    -   [disable][8]
    -   [enable][9]
    -   [destroy][10]
    -   [updated][11]

## EXPANDABLEAREA_DEFAULTS

**Properties**

-   `trigger` **[string][12]** Id of some other button to use as a trigger
-   `bottomBorder` **[string][12]** Change the border to bottom vs top (for some cases)

## ExpandableArea

[ExpandableArea description]

**Parameters**

-   `element` **[string][12]** The component element.
-   `settings` **[string][12]** The component settings.

### isDisabled

Return if the expandable area is current disable or not.

Returns **[boolean][13]** True or False depending on the disabled status.

### isExpanded

Returns expanded status about the current expandable area

Returns **[boolean][13]** True of alse depending on current expanded status.

### toggleExpanded

Toggle current expansion state.

### open

Open the pane if closed.

### close

Close the pane if open.

### disable

Disable the expandable area from being closable.

Returns **void** 

### enable

Enable the expandable area to allow close.

Returns **void** 

### destroy

Destroy by removing markup and canceling events.

Returns **void** 

### updated

Update the component and optionally apply new settings.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][14]** the settings to update to.

Returns **[object][14]** The plugin api for chaining.

[1]: #expandablearea_defaults

[2]: #expandablearea

[3]: #isdisabled

[4]: #isexpanded

[5]: #toggleexpanded

[6]: #open

[7]: #close

[8]: #disable

[9]: #enable

[10]: #destroy

[11]: #updated

[12]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[13]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[14]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object
