<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Locale][1]
    -   [updateLang][2]
    -   [getCulturesPath][3]
    -   [addCulture][4]
    -   [set][5]
    -   [setCurrentLocale][6]
    -   [formatDate][7]
    -   [dateToUTC][8]
    -   [isValidDate][9]
    -   [parseDate][10]
    -   [formatNumber][11]
    -   [parseNumber][12]
    -   [translate][13]
    -   [translateDayPeriod][14]
    -   [calendar][15]
    -   [getCalendar][16]
    -   [numbers][17]
    -   [pad][18]
    -   [isRTL][19]
    -   [toUpperCase][20]
    -   [toLowerCase][21]
    -   [capitalize][22]
    -   [capitalizeWords][23]
    -   [flipIconsHorizontally][24]

## Locale

The Locale component handles i18n
Data From: [http://www.unicode.org/repos/cldr-aux/json/22.1/main/][25]
For Docs See: [http://ibm.co/1nXyNxp][26]

**Parameters**

-   `currentLocale` **[string][27]** The Currently Set Locale
-   `cultures` **[object][28]** Contains all currently-stored cultures.
-   `culturesPath` **[string][27]** the web-server's path to culture files.

### updateLang

Sets the Lang in the Html Header

Returns **void** 

### getCulturesPath

Get the path to the directory with the cultures

Returns **[string][27]** path containing culture files.

### addCulture

Internally stores a new culture file for future use.

**Parameters**

-   `locale` **[string][27]** the 4-character Locale ID
-   `data` **[object][28]** translation data and locale-specific functions, such as calendars.

Returns **void** 

### set

Set the currently used locale.

**Parameters**

-   `locale` **[string][27]** The locale to fetch and set.

Returns **jquery.deferred** which is resolved once the locale culture is retrieved and set

### setCurrentLocale

Chooses a stored locale dataset and sets it as "current"

**Parameters**

-   `name` **[string][27]** the 4-character Locale ID
-   `data` **[object][28]** translation data and locale-specific functions, such as calendars.

Returns **void** 

### formatDate

Formats a Date Object and return it parsed in the current locale.

**Parameters**

-   `value` **[date][29]** The date to show in the current locale.
-   `attribs` **[object][28]** Additional formatting settings.

Returns **[string][27]** the formatted date.

### dateToUTC

Formats a Date Object and return it in UTC format

**Parameters**

-   `date` **[date][29]** The date to show in the current locale.

Returns **[date][29]** the utc date

### isValidDate

Check if the date is valid using the current locale to do so.

**Parameters**

-   `date` **[date][29]** The date to show in the current locale.

Returns **[boolean][30]** whether or not the date is valid.

### parseDate

Take a date string written in the current locale and parse it into a Date Object

**Parameters**

-   `dateString` **[string][27]** The string to parse in the current format
-   `dateFormat` **[string][27]** The source format fx yyyy-MM-dd
-   `isStrict` **[boolean][30]** If true missing date parts will be considered
     invalid. If false the current month/day.

Returns **([date][29] \| [undefined][31])** updated date object, or nothing

### formatNumber

Format a decimal with thousands and padding in the current locale.
[http://mzl.la/1MUOEWm][32]

**Parameters**

-   `number` **[number][33]** The source number.
-   `options` **[object][28]** Additional options.style can be decimal, currency,
    percent and integer options.percentSign, options.minusSign, options.decimal,
    options.group options.minimumFractionDigits (0), options.maximumFractionDigits (3)

Returns **[string][27]** the formatted number.

### parseNumber

Take a Formatted Number and return a real number

**Parameters**

-   `input` **[string][27]** The source number (as a string).

Returns **[number][33]** the number as an actual Number type.

### translate

Overridable culture messages

**Parameters**

-   `key` **[string][27]** The key to search for on the string.
-   `showAsUndefined` **[boolean][30]?** causes a translated phrase to be
    instead of defaulting to the default locale's version of the string.

Returns **([string][27] \| [undefined][31])** a translated string, or nothing, depending on configuration

### translateDayPeriod

Translate Day Period

**Parameters**

-   `period` **[string][27]** should be "am", "pm", "AM", "PM", or "i"

Returns **[string][27]** the translated day period.

### calendar

Shortcut function to get 'first' calendar

Returns **[object][28]** containing calendar data.

### getCalendar

Access the calendar array

**Parameters**

-   `name` **[string][27]** the name of the calendar (fx: "gregorian", "islamic-umalqura")

Returns **[object][28]** containing calendar data

### numbers

Shortcut function to get numbers

Returns **[object][28]** containing information for formatting numbers

### pad

TODO: Document this

**Parameters**

-   `n` **[string][27]** ?
-   `width` **[number][33]** ?
-   `z` **[string][27]** ?

Returns **[string][27]** ?

### isRTL

Describes whether or not this locale is read in "right-to-left" fashion.

Returns **[boolean][30]** whether or not this locale is "right-to-left".

### toUpperCase

Takes a string and converts its contents to upper case, taking into account
Locale-specific character conversions.  In most cases this method will simply
pipe the string to `String.prototype.toUpperCase()`.

**Parameters**

-   `str` **[string][27]** the incoming string

Returns **[string][27]** modified string

### toLowerCase

Takes a string and converts its contents to lower case, taking into account
Locale-specific character conversions. In most cases this method will simply
pipe the string to `String.prototype.toLowerCase()`

**Parameters**

-   `str` **[string][27]** the incoming string

Returns **[string][27]** The localized string

### capitalize

Takes a string and capitalizes the first letter, taking into account Locale-specific
character conversions. In most cases this method will simply use a simple algorithm
for captializing the first letter of the string.

**Parameters**

-   `str` **[string][27]** the incoming string

Returns **[string][27]** the modified string

### capitalizeWords

Takes a string and capitalizes the first letter of each word in a string, taking
into account Locale-specific character conversions. In most cases this method
will simply use a simple algorithm for captializing the first letter of the string.

**Parameters**

-   `str` **[string][27]** the incoming string

Returns **[string][27]** the modified string

### flipIconsHorizontally

Modifies a specified list of icons by flipping them horizontally to make them
compatible for RTL-based locales.

Returns **void** 

[1]: #locale

[2]: #updatelang

[3]: #getculturespath

[4]: #addculture

[5]: #set

[6]: #setcurrentlocale

[7]: #formatdate

[8]: #datetoutc

[9]: #isvaliddate

[10]: #parsedate

[11]: #formatnumber

[12]: #parsenumber

[13]: #translate

[14]: #translatedayperiod

[15]: #calendar

[16]: #getcalendar

[17]: #numbers

[18]: #pad

[19]: #isrtl

[20]: #touppercase

[21]: #tolowercase

[22]: #capitalize

[23]: #capitalizewords

[24]: #flipiconshorizontally

[25]: http://www.unicode.org/repos/cldr-aux/json/22.1/main/

[26]: http://ibm.co/1nXyNxp

[27]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[28]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[29]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date

[30]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[31]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined

[32]: http://mzl.la/1MUOEWm

[33]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number
