<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Tooltip][1]
    -   [addClassToLinks][2]
    -   [show][3]
    -   [setTargetContainer][4]
    -   [position][5]
    -   [hide][6]
    -   [updated][7]
    -   [destroy][8]

## Tooltip

Tooltip and Popover Control

**Parameters**

-   `element` **([htmlelement][9] \| [Array][10]&lt;jquery>)** The component element.
-   `settings` **[object][11]?** The component settings.
    -   `settings.content` **([string][12] \| [function][13])?** Takes title attribute or feed content. Can be a string or jQuery markup.
    -   `settings.offset` **[object][11]** How much room to leave. (optional, default `{top:10,left:10}`)
    -   `settings.placement` **[string][12]** Supports 'top'|'bottom'|'right'|'offset'. (optional, default `'top'`)
    -   `settings.trigger` **[string][12]** Supports click and immediate and hover (and maybe in future focus). (optional, default `'hover'`)
    -   `settings.title` **[string][12]?** Title for Infor Tips.
    -   `settings.beforeShow` **[string][12]?** Call back for ajax tooltip.
    -   `settings.popover` **[string][12]?** force it to be a popover (no content).
    -   `settings.closebutton` **[string][12]?** Show X close button next to title in popover.
    -   `settings.isError` **[boolean][14]** Add error classes. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.isErrorColor` **[boolean][14]** Add error color only not description. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.tooltipElement` **[string][12]?** ID selector for an alternate element to use to contain the tooltip classes.
    -   `settings.parentElement` **[object][11]?** jQuery-wrapped element that gets.
        passed to the 'place' behavior as the element to place the tooltip against.
    -   `settings.keepOpen` **[boolean][14]** Forces the tooltip to stay open in situations where it would normally close. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.extraClass` **[string][12]?** Extra css class.
    -   `settings.placementOpt` **[object][11]?** Placement options.
    -   `settings.maxWidth` **[string][12]?** Toolip max width.

### addClassToLinks

**Parameters**

-   `content` **([Array][10]&lt;jquery> | [string][12])** HTML or String-based content.
-   `thisClass` **[string][12]?** optional, additional CSS class that gets appeneded to any anchor tags inside of the content.

Returns **[string][12]** the appended content

### show

Causes the tooltip to become shown

**Parameters**

-   `newSettings` **[object][11]** an object containing changed settings that will be
     applied to the Tooltip/Popover before it's displayed.
-   `ajaxReturn` **[boolean][14]** causes an AJAX-powered Tooltip/Popover not to refresh.

### setTargetContainer

Places the tooltip element itself in the correct DOM element.
If the current element is inside a scrollable container, the tooltip element
 goes as high as possible in the DOM structure.

Returns **void** 

### position

Resets the current position of the tooltip.

Returns **this** component instance

### hide

Hides the Tooltip/Popover

Returns **void** 

### updated

Causes the tooltip to store updated settings and re-render itself.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][11]?** incoming settings

Returns **this** component instance

### destroy

Destroys this component instance

Returns **void** 

[1]: #tooltip

[2]: #addclasstolinks

[3]: #show

[4]: #settargetcontainer

[5]: #position

[6]: #hide

[7]: #updated

[8]: #destroy

[9]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[11]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[12]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[13]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[14]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean
