---
title: Action Sheet
description: A simple, mobile-friendly list of available contextual actions.
demo:
  embedded:
  - name: Default About Example
    slug: example-index
  pages:
  - name: Responsive Behavior Example
    slug: example-breakpoints
  - name: No Icons Example
    slug: example-no-icons
  - name: Callbacks Example
    slug: example-callbacks
---

In Desktop settings, Action Sheets are represented by [Popupmenus](../popupmenu/readme.md).  However, Action Sheet components can be configured to instead display a mobile-friendly view of this menu, which appears to roll out from the bottom of the viewport, and can easily be selected by touch.

## Code Example

The Action Sheet HTML markup is generated by the component, after the component is invoked against its trigger button.  Actions are defined in Javascript as a simple array of objects.

```html
<button id="action-sheet-trigger" class="btn-icon">
  <span class="audible">Trigger Action Sheet</span>
  <svg role="presentation" aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" class="icon">
    <use href="#icon-more"></use>
  </svg>
</button>
```

Each action is defined by its "icon" and "text" properties:

```js
$('#action-sheet-trigger').actionsheet({
  actions: [
    { icon: 'mail', text: 'Email' },
    { icon: 'user-profile', text: 'Go to Profile' },
    { icon: 'workflow', text: 'Share' },
    { icon: 'user-status-do-not-disturb', text: 'Remove' }
  ]
});
```

### Responding to Actions

The action sheet accepts a callback for the following situations:

- When a selection occurs, via an `onSelect` callback.
- When the Action Sheet is cancelled, via an `onCancel` callback.

These callbacks can be defined via the settings.  The callbacks can contain corresponding UI elements that triggred the action/cancel:

```js
$('#action-sheet-trigger').actionsheet({
  actions: [ /* ... */ ],
  onSelect: ($a) => {
    console.info(`UI that was selected: ${$a.text().trim()}`);
  },
  onCancel: ($a) => {
    console.info(`UI that was responsible for cancelling: ${$a.text().trim()}`);
  }
});
```

### Changing Breakpoints

The breakpoint in which the Mobile view is displayed can be configured using two settings:

- `[displayAsActionSheet]` - Determines the component's ability to show the Action Sheet.  By default, the action sheet will be displayed when the screen is smaller than a specified breakpoint. This can be configured to "always" show the Popupmenu (`false`), or to "always" show the Action Sheet (`always`) no matter what the breakpoint.
- `[breakpoint]` - Maps to an [IDS Breakpoint](../breakpoints/readme.md), which will determine the viewport size in which Action Sheets will be displayed instead of Popupmenus.

```js
// Defaualt Behavior
$('#action-sheet-trigger').actionsheet({
  actions: [ /* ... */ ],
  displayAsActionSheet: 'responsive'
  breakpoint: 'phone-to-tablet' // change this to a corresponding breakpoint
});

// Always shows Popup
$('#action-sheet-trigger').actionsheet({
  actions: [ /* ... */ ],
  displayAsActionSheet: false
});

// Always shows Action Sheet
$('#action-sheet-trigger').actionsheet({
  actions: [ /* ... */ ],
  displayAsActionSheet: 'always'
});
```

### Cancel Button

By default, the Action Sheet displays a "cancel" button that will specifically cause the sheet to close in "cancel" mode.  A separate callback function/event is fired in this case.  It's possible to disable the cancel button to prevent this behavior:

```js
$('#action-sheet-trigger').actionsheet({
  actions: [ /* ... */ ],
  showCancelButton: false
});
```

## Behavior Guidelines

For easier usability, Action Sheets should not contain too many different actions.  Actions should be contextual to the element that triggered them, similar to a simple Context Menu.

## Responsive Guidelines

- While it's possible to configure the breakpoint at which the Action Sheet is displayed, keep in mind that the view is intended to be mobile-friendly, and should be used with regard for an easy experience for the end user.

## Keyboard Shortcuts

- <kbd>Spacebar</kbd> Executes an action, and closes an open Popupmenu or Action Sheet.
- <kbd>Escape</kbd> "Cancels" an open Popupmenu or Action Sheet.

## Upgrading from 3.X

No corresponding component to the Action Sheet was available in the 3.x components.
