<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Datagrid][1]
    -   [render][2]
    -   [addRow][3]
    -   [pagerRefresh][4]
    -   [removeRow][5]
    -   [removeSelected][6]
    -   [updateDataset][7]
    -   [triggerSource][8]
    -   [visibleColumns][9]
    -   [hideShowColumnGroups][10]
    -   [toggleFilterRow][11]
    -   [applyFilter][12]
    -   [clearFilter][13]
    -   [setFilterConditions][14]
    -   [filterConditions][15]
    -   [fieldValue][16]
    -   [formatValue][17]
    -   [calculateTextWidth][18]
    -   [columnWidth][19]
    -   [calculateColumnWidths][20]
    -   [calculateColumnWidth][21]
    -   [updateRow][22]
    -   [updateColumns][23]
    -   [saveColumns][24]
    -   [saveUserSettings][25]
    -   [restoreColumns][26]
    -   [restoreUserSettings][27]
    -   [resetColumns][28]
    -   [hideColumn][29]
    -   [showColumn][30]
    -   [exportToCsv][31]
    -   [exportToExcel][32]
    -   [setEmptyMessage][33]
    -   [cellNode][34]
    -   [rowHeight][35]
    -   [keywordSearch][36]
    -   [selectRow][37]
    -   [activateRow][38]
    -   [toggleRowActivation][39]
    -   [toggleRowSelection][40]
    -   [unselectRow][41]
    -   [setNodeStatus][42]
    -   [selectedRows][43]
    -   [selectRows][44]
    -   [columnById][45]
    -   [columnIdxById][46]
    -   [showCellError][47]
    -   [resetRowStatus][48]
    -   [dirtyRows][49]
    -   [showRowError][50]
    -   [validateRow][51]
    -   [validateAll][52]
    -   [columnSettings][53]
    -   [updateCell][54]
    -   [toggleRowDetail][55]
    -   [sortFunction][56]
    -   [defaultFormatter][57]
    -   [renderPager][58]
    -   [resetPager][59]
    -   [destroy][60]
    -   [updated][61]

## Datagrid

The Datagrid Component displays and process data in tabular format.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **([Array][62]&lt;jQuery> | [HTMLElement][63])** The component element.
-   `settings` **[object][64]?** The component settings.
    -   `settings.actionableMode` **[boolean][65]** If actionableMode is "true, tab and shift tab behave like left
        and right arrow key, if the cell is editable it goes in and out of edit mode. F2 - toggles actionableMode "true" and "false" (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.cellNavigation` **[boolean][65]** If cellNavigation is "false, will show border around whole row on focus (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.rowNavigation` **[boolean][65]** If rowNavigation is "false, will NOT show border around the row (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.alternateRowShading` **[boolean][65]** Sets shading for readonly grids (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.columns` **[array][62]** An array of columns (see column options) (optional, default `[]`)
    -   `settings.dataset` **[array][62]** An array of data objects (optional, default `[]`)
    -   `settings.columnReorder` **[boolean][65]** Allow Column reorder (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.saveColumns` **[boolean][65]** Save Column Reorder and resize (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.saveUserSettings` **[object][64]** Save one or all of the following to local storage (optional, default `{columns:true,rowHeight:true,sortOrder:true,pagesize:true,activePage:true,filter:true}`)
    -   `settings.editable` **[boolean][65]** Enable editing in the grid, requires column editors. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.isList` **[boolean][65]** Makes the grid have readonly "list" styling (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.menuId` **[string][66]** ID of the menu to use for a row level right click context menu (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.menuSelected` **[string][66]** Callback for the grid level context menu (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.menuBeforeOpen` **[string][66]** Callback for the grid level beforeopen menu event (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.headerMenuId` **[string][66]** Id of the menu to use for a header right click context menu (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.headerMenuSelected` **[string][66]** Callback for the header level context menu (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.headerMenuBeforeOpen` **[string][66]** Callback for the header level beforeopen menu event (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.uniqueId` **[string][66]** Unique ID to use as local storage reference and internal variable names (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.rowHeight` **[string][66]** Controls the height of the rows / number visible rows. May be (short, medium or normal) (optional, default `normal`)
    -   `settings.selectable` **[string][66]** Controls the selection Mode this may be: false, 'single' or
        'multiple' or 'mixed' or 'siblings' (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.groupable` **[object][64]** Controls fields to use for data grouping Use Data grouping,
        e.g. `{fields: ['incidentId'], supressRow: true, aggregator: 'list', aggregatorOptions: ['unitName1']}` (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.spacerColumn` **[boolean][65]** if true and the grid is not wide enough to fit the last
        column will get filled with an empty spacer column. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.stretchColumn` **[boolean][65]** If 'last' the last column will stretch we will add more options. (optional, default `'last'`)
    -   `settings.clickToSelect` **[boolean][65]** Controls if using a selection mode if you can click the rows to select (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.toolbar` **[object][64]** Toggles and appends toolbar features fx.. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.selectChildren` **[boolean][65]** Can prevent selecting of all child nodes on multiselect
        `{title: 'Data Grid Header Title', results: true, keywordFilter: true, filter: true, rowHeight: true, views: true}` (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.initializeToolbar` **[boolean][65]** Set to false if you will initialize the toolbar yourself (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.paging` **[boolean][65]** Enable paging mode (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.pagesize` **[number][67]** Number of rows per page (optional, default `25`)
    -   `settings.pagesizes` **[array][62]** Array of page sizes to show in the page size dropdown. (optional, default `[10,25,50,75]`)
    -   `settings.indeterminate` **[boolean][65]** Disable the ability to go to a specific page when paging. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.source` **[Function][68]** Callback function for paging (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.hidePagerOnOnePage` **[boolean][65]** If true, hides the pager if there's only one page worth of results. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.filterable` **[boolean][65]** Enable Column Filtering, This will require column filterTypes as well. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.filterWhenTyping` **[boolean][65]** Enable Column Filtering as you stop typing in inputs (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.disableClientFilter` **[boolean][65]** Disable Filter Logic client side and let your server do it (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.disableClientSort` **[boolean][65]** Disable Sort Logic client side and let your server do it (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.resultsText` **[string][66]** Can provide a custom function to adjust results text on the toolbar (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.showFilterTotal` **[boolean][65]** Paging results display filter count, change to false to not show filtered count (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.rowReorder` **[boolean][65]** If set you can reorder rows. Requires rowReorder formatter (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.showDirty` **[boolean][65]** If true the dirty indicator will be shown on the rows (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.showSelectAllCheckBox` **[boolean][65]** Allow to hide the checkbox header (true to show, false to hide) (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.allowOneExpandedRow` **[boolean][65]** Controls if you cna expand more than one expandable row. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.enableTooltips` **[boolean][65]** Process tooltip logic at a cost of performance (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.disableRowDeactivation` **[boolean][65]** if a row is activated the user should not be able to
        deactivate it by clicking on the activated row (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.sizeColumnsEqually` **[boolean][65]** If true make all the columns equal width (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.expandableRow` **[boolean][65]** If true we append an expandable row area without the rowTemplate feature being needed. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.redrawOnResize` **[boolean][65]** If set to false we skip redraw logic on the resize of the page. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.exportConvertNegative` **[boolean][65]** If set to true export data with trailing negative signs moved in front. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.columnGroups` **[array][62]** An array of columns to use for grouped column headers. (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.treeGrid` **[boolean][65]** If true a tree grid is expected so addition calculations will be used to calculate of the row children (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.onPostRenderCell` **[Function][68]** A call back function that will fire and send you the cell
        container and related information for any cells cells with a component attribute in the column definition. (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.onDestroyCell` **[Function][68]** A call back that goes along with onPostRenderCel and will
        fire when this cell is destroyed and you need noification of that. (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.onEditCell` **[Function][68]** A callback that fires when a cell is edited, the editor object is passed in to the function (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.onExpandRow` **[Function][68]** A callback function that fires when expanding rows. To be used.
        when expandableRow is true. The function gets eventData about the row and grid and a response function callback.
        Call the response function with markup to append and delay opening the row. (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.emptyMessage` **[object][64]** An empty message will be displayed when there is no rows in the grid. This accepts an object of the form
        emptyMessage: {title: 'No Data Available', info: 'Make a selection on the list above to see results',
        icon: 'icon-empty-no-data', button: {text: 'xxx', click: <function>}} set this to null for no message
        or will default to 'No Data Found with an icon.' (optional, default `{title:'No Data Available',infor:'',icon:'icon-empty-no-data'}`)

### render

Render or render both the header and row area.

**Parameters**

-   `isToggleFilter` **[string][66]** Check if toggle filter row

### addRow

Add a row of data to the grid and dataset.

**Parameters**

-   `data` **[object][64]** An data row object
-   `location` **[string][66]** Where to add the row. This can be 'top' or leave off for 'bottom'

### pagerRefresh

Refresh the pager based on the current page and dataset.

**Parameters**

-   `location` **[object][64]** Deprecated - Can be set to 'top' or left off for bottom pager.

### removeRow

Remove a row of data to the grid and dataset.

**Parameters**

-   `row` **[number][67]** The row index
-   `nosync` **[boolean][65]** Dont sync the selected rows.

### removeSelected

Remove all selected rows from the grid and dataset.

### updateDataset

Send in a new data set to display in the datagrid.

**Parameters**

-   `dataset` **[object][64]** The array of objects to show in the grid. Should match
    the column definitions.
-   `pagerInfo` **[object][64]** The pager info object with information like activePage ect.

### triggerSource

Trigger the source method to call to the backend on demand.

**Parameters**

-   `pagerType` **[object][64]** The pager info object with information like activePage ect.
-   `callback` **[function][68]** The call back functions

### visibleColumns

Returns an array with all visible columns.

**Parameters**

-   `skipBuiltIn` **[boolean][65]** If true then built in columns like selectionCheckbox are skipped.

Returns **[array][62]** An array with the visible columns.

### hideShowColumnGroups

Test if the group header should be closed and close / open it.

**Parameters**

-   `show` **[boolean][65]** Hide and show the column group if it should be.

### toggleFilterRow

Toggle the visibility of the filter row.

### applyFilter

Apply the Filter with the currently selected conditions, or the ones passed in.

**Parameters**

-   `conditions` **[object][64]** An array of objects with the filter conditions.
-   `trigger` **[string][66]?** A string to identify the triggering action.

### clearFilter

Clear the Filter row Conditions and Reset the Data.

### setFilterConditions

Set the Filter Conditions on the UI Only.

**Parameters**

-   `conditions` **[object][64]** An array of objects with the filter conditions.

### filterConditions

Get filter conditions in array from whats set in the UI.

Returns **[array][62]** An array with the currently showing filter conditions.

### fieldValue

Return the value in a field, taking into account nested objects. Fx obj.field.id

**Parameters**

-   `obj` **[object][64]** The object to use
-   `field` **[string][66]** The field as a string fx 'field' or 'obj.field.id'

Returns **any** The current value in the field.

### formatValue

The default cell formatters thats used when no formatter is provided.

**Parameters**

-   `formatter` **[function][68]** The formatter function.
-   `row` **[number][67]** The row index.
-   `cell` **[number][67]** The cell index.
-   `fieldValue` **[string][66]** The current field value.
-   `columnDef` **[object][64]** The column settings.
-   `rowData` **[object][64]** The current row data.
-   `api` **[object][64]** The grid API reference.

Returns **void** 

### calculateTextWidth

This Function approximates the table auto widthing
Except use all column values and compare the text width of the header as max

**Parameters**

-   `columnDef` **[object][64]** The column to check.

Returns **[number][67]** The text width.

### columnWidth

Return the width for a column (upfront with no rendering)
Simulates [https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS21/tables.html#width-layout][69]

**Parameters**

-   `col` **\[type]** The column object to use
-   `index` **\[type]** The column index

Returns **void** 

### calculateColumnWidths

Calculate the width for all the columns
Simulates [https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS21/tables.html#width-layout][69]

### calculateColumnWidth

Calculate the width for a column (upfront with no rendering)
Simulates [https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS21/tables.html#width-layout][69]

**Parameters**

-   `col` **[object][64]** The column object to use
-   `index` **[number][67]** The column index

Returns **void** 

### updateRow

Refresh one row in the grid

**Parameters**

-   `idx` **[number][67]** The row index to update.
-   `data` **[object][64]** The data object.

Returns **void** 

### updateColumns

Given a new column set update the rows and reload

**Parameters**

-   `columns` **[array][62]** The array with columns to use.
-   `columnGroups` **[array][62]** The array with new columns groups to use.

Returns **void** 

### saveColumns

Save the columns to local storage

Returns **void** 

### saveUserSettings

Omit events and save to local storage for supported settings.

Returns **void** 

### restoreColumns

Restore the columns from a provided list or local storage

**Parameters**

-   `cols` **[array][62]** The columns list to restore, if you saved the settings manually.

### restoreUserSettings

Restore the user settings from local Storage or as passed in.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][64]** The object containing the settings to use.

Returns **void** 

### resetColumns

Reset Columns to defaults (used on restore menu item)

### hideColumn

Hide a column.

**Parameters**

-   `id` **[string][66]** The id of the column to hide.

### showColumn

Show a hidden column.

**Parameters**

-   `id` **[string][66]** The id of the column to show.

### exportToCsv

Export the grid contents to csv
Consider Deprecated use excel.exportToCsv

**Parameters**

-   `fileName` **[string][66]** The desired export filename in the download.
-   `customDs` **[string][66]** An optional customized version of the data to use.

### exportToExcel

Export the grid contents to xls format. This may give a warning when opening the file.
exportToCsv may be prefered.
Consider Deprecated use excel.exportToExcel

**Parameters**

-   `fileName` **[string][66]** The desired export filename in the download.
-   `worksheetName` **[string][66]** A name to give the excel worksheet tab.
-   `customDs` **[string][66]** An optional customized version of the data to use.

### setEmptyMessage

Set the content dynamically on the empty message area.

**Parameters**

-   `emptyMessage` **[object][64]** The update empty message config object.

### cellNode

Returns the cell dom node.

**Parameters**

-   `row` **[number][67]** The row index.
-   `cell` **[number][67]** The cell index.
-   `includeGroups` **[boolean][65]** If true groups are taken into account.

Returns **[object][64]** The dom node

### rowHeight

Get or Set the Row Height.

**Parameters**

-   `height` **[string][66]** The row height to use, can be 'short', 'normal' or 'medium'

### keywordSearch

Search a Term across all columns

**Parameters**

-   `term` **[string][66]** The term to search for.

### selectRow

Toggle selection on a single row

**Parameters**

-   `idx` **[number][67]** The row index to select
-   `nosync` **[boolean][65]** Do sync the header
-   `noTrigger` **[boolean][65]** Do not trigger events.

Returns **void** 

### activateRow

Activate a row when in mixed selection mode

**Parameters**

-   `idx` **[number][67]** The index.

### toggleRowActivation

Toggle the current activation state from on to off.

**Parameters**

-   `idx` **[number][67]** The row to toggle

Returns **void** 

### toggleRowSelection

Toggle the current selection state from on to off.

**Parameters**

-   `idx` **[number][67]** The row to select/unselect

Returns **void** 

### unselectRow

De-select a selected row.

**Parameters**

-   `idx` **[number][67]** The row index
-   `nosync` **[boolean][65]** Do not sync the header
-   `noTrigger` **[boolean][65]** Do not trgger any events

### setNodeStatus

Set the current status on the row status column

**Parameters**

-   `node` **[HTMLElement][63]** The node to set the status on

### selectedRows

Get the currently selected rows.

Returns **[array][62]** An array containing the selected rows

### selectRows

Set the selected rows by passing the row index or an array of row indexes.

**Parameters**

-   `row` **number/array** A row index or array of row indexes to select.
-   `nosync` **[boolean][65]** Dont sync the header.
-   `selectAll` **[boolean][65]** Internally used.

Returns **void** 

### columnById

Get the column object by id

**Parameters**

-   `id` **[number][67]** The column id to find

Returns **[object][64]** The corresponding column.

### columnIdxById

Get the column index from the col's id

**Parameters**

-   `id` **[number][67]** The column id to find

Returns **[object][64]** The corresponding columns current position.

### showCellError

Show the cell errors.

**Parameters**

-   `row` **[number][67]** The row index.
-   `cell` **[number][67]** The cell index.
-   `message` **[string][66]** The message text.
-   `type` **[string][66]** The message type (infor, error, alert )

Returns **void** 

### resetRowStatus

Reset the status on all rows.

Returns **void** 

### dirtyRows

Get the currently dirty rows.

Returns **[array][62]** An array of dirty rows.

### showRowError

Show an error on a row.

**Parameters**

-   `row` **[number][67]** The row index.
-   `message` **[string][66]** The row description.
-   `type` **[string][66]** The error type.

Returns **void** 

### validateRow

Validate all visible cells in a row if they have validation on the column

**Parameters**

-   `row` **[number][67]** The row index.

Returns **void** 

### validateAll

Validate all rows and cells in the entire gridif they have validation on the column

**Parameters**

-   `row` **[number][67]** The row index.

Returns **void** 

### columnSettings

Get the settings for a column by index.

**Parameters**

-   `idx` **[number][67]** The column index.
-   `onlyVisible` **[boolean][65]** If only the visible columns should be included.

Returns **[array][62]** The settings array

### updateCell

Update one cell with a specific value

**Parameters**

-   `row` **[number][67]** The row index.
-   `cell` **[number][67]** The cell index.
-   `value` **any** The value to use.

Returns **void** 

### toggleRowDetail

Expand Detail Row Or Tree Row

**Parameters**

-   `dataRowIndex` **[number][67]** The row to toggle

Returns **void** 

### sortFunction

Overridable function to conduct array sorting

**Parameters**

-   `id` **[string][66]** The matching field/id in the array to sort on
-   `ascending` **[boolean][65]** Determines direction of the sort.

Returns **[boolean][65]** If found.

### defaultFormatter

The default formatter to use (just plain text). When no formatter is specified.

**Parameters**

-   `row` **[number][67]** The rowindex
-   `cell` **[number][67]** The cell index
-   `value` **any** The data value

Returns **[string][66]** The html string

### renderPager

Add the pager and paging functionality.

**Parameters**

-   `pagingInfo` **[string][66]** The paging object with activePage ect used by pager.js
-   `isResponse` **[boolean][65]** Internal flag used to prevent callbacks from rexecuting.
-   `callback` **[function][68]** The callback function.

### resetPager

Reset the pager to the first page.

**Parameters**

-   `type` **[string][66]** The action type, which gets sent to the source callback.
-   `trigger` **[string][66]** The triggering action

### destroy

Unwrap the grid back to a simple div, and destory all events and pointers.

Returns **[object][64]** The plugin api for chaining.

### updated

Update the datagrid and optionally apply new settings.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][64]** the settings to update to.

Returns **[object][64]** The plugin api for chaining.

[1]: #datagrid

[2]: #render

[3]: #addrow

[4]: #pagerrefresh

[5]: #removerow

[6]: #removeselected

[7]: #updatedataset

[8]: #triggersource

[9]: #visiblecolumns

[10]: #hideshowcolumngroups

[11]: #togglefilterrow

[12]: #applyfilter

[13]: #clearfilter

[14]: #setfilterconditions

[15]: #filterconditions

[16]: #fieldvalue

[17]: #formatvalue

[18]: #calculatetextwidth

[19]: #columnwidth

[20]: #calculatecolumnwidths

[21]: #calculatecolumnwidth

[22]: #updaterow

[23]: #updatecolumns

[24]: #savecolumns

[25]: #saveusersettings

[26]: #restorecolumns

[27]: #restoreusersettings

[28]: #resetcolumns

[29]: #hidecolumn

[30]: #showcolumn

[31]: #exporttocsv

[32]: #exporttoexcel

[33]: #setemptymessage

[34]: #cellnode

[35]: #rowheight

[36]: #keywordsearch

[37]: #selectrow

[38]: #activaterow

[39]: #togglerowactivation

[40]: #togglerowselection

[41]: #unselectrow

[42]: #setnodestatus

[43]: #selectedrows

[44]: #selectrows

[45]: #columnbyid

[46]: #columnidxbyid

[47]: #showcellerror

[48]: #resetrowstatus

[49]: #dirtyrows

[50]: #showrowerror

[51]: #validaterow

[52]: #validateall

[53]: #columnsettings

[54]: #updatecell

[55]: #togglerowdetail

[56]: #sortfunction

[57]: #defaultformatter

[58]: #renderpager

[59]: #resetpager

[60]: #destroy

[61]: #updated

[62]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[63]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[64]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[65]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[66]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[67]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[68]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[69]: https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS21/tables.html#width-layout
