<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Autocomplete][1]
    -   [resetFilters][2]
    -   [updated][3]
    -   [enable][4]
    -   [disable][5]
    -   [destroy][6]

## Autocomplete

The Autocomplete control provides an easier means of searching through a large amount of data by filtering
down the results based on keyboard input from the user.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **[object][7]** The component element.
-   `settings` **[object][7]?** The component settings.
    -   `settings.source` **[string][8]** Defines the data to use, must be specified. (optional, default `[]`)
    -   `settings.sourceArguments` **[string][8]** If a source method is defined, this flexible object can be passed
        into the source method, and augmented with parameters specific to the implementation. (optional, default `{}`)
    -   `settings.filterMode` **[string][8]** The matching algorithm, startsWith and contains are supported - false will not filter client side (optional, default `'startsWith'`)
    -   `settings.delay` **[boolean][9]** The delay between key strokes on the keypad before it thinks you stopped typing (optional, default `300`)
    -   `settings.width` **[string][8]** Width of the open auto complete menu (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.offset` **[string][8]** For the open menu, the left or top offset (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.autoSelectFirstItem` **[string][8]** Whether or not to select he first item in the list to be selected (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.resultsCallback` **[function][10]?** If defined, does not produce the results of the Autocomplete
        inside a popupmenu, instead piping them to a process defined inside this callback function.
    -   `settings.highlightMatchedText` **[boolean][9]** The highlightMatchText property. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.highlightCallback` **[function][10]?** The highlightCallback property.
    -   `settings.resultIteratorCallback` **[function][10]?** The resultIteratorCallback property.
    -   `settings.displayResultsCallback` **[function][10]?** The displayResultsCallback property.
    -   `settings.searchableTextCallback` **[function][10]?** The searchableTextCallback property.
-   `boolean`  If defined, use this to draw the contents of each search result instead of the default draw routine.

### resetFilters

Resets a filtered autocomplete back to its original state.

Returns **void** 

### updated

Update the component with new settings.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][7]** The new settings object to use.

Returns **void** 

### enable

Enable the input from readonly or disabled state.

Returns **void** 

### disable

Disable the input from editing

Returns **void** 

### destroy

Teardown and remove any added markup and events.

Returns **void** 

[1]: #autocomplete

[2]: #resetfilters

[3]: #updated

[4]: #enable

[5]: #disable

[6]: #destroy

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[9]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function
