<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [StepChart][1]
    -   [updated][2]
    -   [destroy][3]

## StepChart

The Step Chart Component is displays visual info on step completion.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **([Array][4]&lt;jQuery> | [HTMLElement][5])** The base element
-   `settings` **[object][6]?** incoming settings
    -   `settings.steps` **[number][7]** The number of steps to show. (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.completed` **[number][7]** The number of steps complete (linear). (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.inProgress` **[number][7]** The number of the in progress step (linear). (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.iconType` **[boolean][8]** The icon to display fx. 'icon-error', 'icon-confirm' (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.completedText` **[string][9]** The completed text or uses a localized 'N of N Steps complete'.
         You can use {0} and {1} to replace n of n in the string. (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.extraText` **[boolean][8]** The additional text to show on the right. Defaults to none. You
         can use {0} to replace with the steps remaining count and {1} to replace the number of steps. (optional, default `''`)
    -   `settings.completedColor` **[string][9]** The color to show completed steps. Defaults to primary color. (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.allCompletedColor` **[string][9]** The color to steps when all are completed. Defaults to primary color. (optional, default `null`)
-   `i` **[string][9]** \[settings.nProgressColor The color to show in-progress steps. Defaults to ruby02.

### updated

Handle updated settings and values.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][6]** The new settings to use.

Returns **[object][6]** The api for chaining.

### destroy

Tear down and remove.

Returns **this** component instance

[1]: #stepchart

[2]: #updated

[3]: #destroy

[4]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[5]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[6]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[9]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String
