<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Place][1]
    -   [render][2]
    -   [place][3]
    -   [getContainer][4]
    -   [checkBleeds][5]

## Place

The Place API which handles internal placement of popups, menus ect.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **([HTMLElement][6] \| [Array][7]&lt;jQuery>)** the base element being placed
-   `settings` **[object][8]?** incoming settings
    -   `settings.bleedFromContainer` **[boolean][9]** If true, allows positioned content to bleed
         outside of a defined container. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.callback` **[function][10]?** If defined, provides extra placement adjustments
         after the main calculation is performed.
    -   `settings.container` **[HTMLElement][6]?** If defined, contains the placement of the
         element to the boundaries of a specific container element.
    -   `settings.parent` **[HTMLElement][6]?** If defined, will be used as the reference
         element for placement this element.
    -   `settings.parentXAlignment` **[string][11]** Only used for parent-based placement.
         Determines the X-coordinate alignment of the placed element against its parent. (optional, default `'center'`)
    -   `settings.parentYAlignment` **[string][11]** Only used for parent-based placement.
         Determines the Y-coordinate alignment of the placed element against its parent. (optional, default `'center'`)
    -   `settings.placement` **[string][11]** If defined, changes the direction in which
         placement of the element happens (optional, default `'bottom'`)
    -   `settings.strategies` **[Array][7]&lt;[string][11]>** Determines the "strategy" for alternatively
         placing the element if it doesn't fit in the defined boundaries.  Only matters
         when "parent" is a defined setting.  It's possible to define multiple strategies
         and execute them in order. (optional, default `['nudge']`)

### render

Actually renders an element with coordinates inside the DOM

**Parameters**

-   `placementObj` **PlacementObject** settings for the placement routine

Returns **void** 

### place

Main placement API Method (external)
Can either take a PlacementObject as a single argument, or can take 2 coordinates (x, y) and
will use the pre-defined settings.

**Parameters**

-   `placementObj` **PlacementObject** settings for the placement routine

Returns **void** 

### getContainer

Gets a parent container element.

**Parameters**

-   `placementObj` **PlacementObject** settings for the placement routine

Returns **([HTMLElement][6] \| [Array][7]&lt;jQuery>)** container element

### checkBleeds

Re-adjust a previously-placed element to account for bleeding off the edges.
Element must fit within the boundaries of the page or it's current scrollable pane.

**Parameters**

-   `placementObj` **PlacementObject** settings for the placement routine.

Returns **PlacementObject** modified placementObject with updated settings.

[1]: #place

[2]: #render

[3]: #place-1

[4]: #getcontainer

[5]: #checkbleeds

[6]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[9]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[11]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String
