<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [CompositeForm][1]
    -   [handleEvents][2]
    -   [checkResponsive][3]
    -   [setExpanderText][4]
    -   [isSideOriented][5]
    -   [updated][6]
    -   [destroy][7]

## CompositeForm

CompositeForm is a specialized responsive form component.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **([Array][8]&lt;jQuery> | [HTMLElement][9])** The component element.
-   `settings` **[object][10]?** The component settings.
    -   `settings.breakpoint` **[string][11]** Defines the breakpoint at which the composite form will change into its responsive mode (optional, default `'phone-to-tablet'`)
    -   `settings.trigger` **[string][11]** Expandable area trigger selector. Passed to expandable area. (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.expandedText` **[string][11]** Text to use for the expand button (Default localized) (optional, default `Locale.translate('ShowLess')`)
    -   `settings.collapsedText` **[string][11]** Text to use for the collapse button (Default localized) (optional, default `Locale.translate('ShowMore')`)

### handleEvents

Sets up event handlers for this control and its sub-elements

**Parameters**

-   `expanderText` **[string][11]** the text content

Returns **[undefined][12]** 

### checkResponsive

Checks if we've passed the breakpoint for switching into Responsive mode.

Returns **[undefined][12]** 

### setExpanderText

Sets the text content of the Composite Form's Expandable Area Expander.

**Parameters**

-   `expanderText` **[string][11]** the text content

Returns **[undefined][12]** 

### isSideOriented

Determines if this component is configured for "on-side" orientation of the Summary area.

Returns **[boolean][13]** If the component is currently side oriented.

### updated

Re-invokes the Composite Form

Returns **[object][10]** The component API for chaining.

### destroy

Destroys the component instance by removing it from its associated element.

Returns **void** 

[1]: #compositeform

[2]: #handleevents

[3]: #checkresponsive

[4]: #setexpandertext

[5]: #issideoriented

[6]: #updated

[7]: #destroy

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[9]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[11]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[12]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined

[13]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean
