<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [ListView][1]
    -   [loadData][2]
    -   [toggleAll][3]
    -   [remove][4]
    -   [clear][5]
    -   [removeAllSelected][6]
    -   [clearAllSelected][7]
    -   [deselect][8]
    -   [unselect][9]
    -   [select][10]
    -   [activatedItem][11]
    -   [deactivateItem][12]
    -   [getSelected][13]
    -   [updated][14]
    -   [disable][15]
    -   [enable][16]
    -   [destroy][17]

## ListView

Creates lists of small pieces of relevant, actionable information.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **([Array][18]&lt;jquery> | [htmlelement][19])** the base element
-   `settings` **[object][20]?** incoming settings
    -   `settings.dataset` **[array][18]?** Array of data to feed the template
    -   `settings.template` **[string][21]?** Html Template String
    -   `settings.description` **[string][21]?** Audible Label (or use parent title)
    -   `settings.paging` **[boolean][22]** If true, activates paging (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.pagesize` **[number][23]** If paging is activated, sets the number of listview items available per page (optional, default `10`)
    -   `settings.pagingType` **[string][21]** The paging type to use, this can be 'list', 'table' or 'firstlast' (optional, default `'list'`)
    -   `settings.searchable` **[boolean][22]** If true, associates itself with a Searchfield/Autocomplete and allows itself to be filtered (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.selectable` **([string][21] \| [boolean][22])** selection mode, can be false, 'single', 'multiple' or 'mixed' (optional, default `'single'`)
    -   `settings.selectOnFocus` **[boolean][22]** If true the first item in the list will be selected as it is focused. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.showCheckboxes` **[boolean][22]** If false will not show checkboxes used with multiple selection mode only (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.hoverable` **[boolean][22]** If true the list element will show a hover action to indicate its actionable. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.emptyMessage` **[string][21]?** Text to go in emptyMessage.
    -   `settings.source` **([function][24] \| [string][21])?** If source is a string then it serves as
        the url for an ajax call that returns the dataset. If its a function it is a call back for getting the data asyncronously.
    -   `settings.forceToRenderOnEmptyDs` **[boolean][22]** If true list will render as an empty list with ul tag, but not any li tags in it. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.disableItemDeactivation` **[boolean][22]** If true when an item is
        activated the user should not be able to deactivate it by clicking on the activated item. They can only select another row. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.showPageSizeSelector` **[boolean][22]** If true the page size select will be shown when paging. (optional, default `false`)

### loadData

Load Data from an external API

**Parameters**

-   `ds` **[object][20]** The dataset to use or will use settings.dataset.
-   `pagerInfo` **[object][20]** The pager settings to use (see pager api)
-   `isResponse` **[boolean][22]** Flag used to avoid dup source calls.

Returns **void** 

### toggleAll

Toggle all items from selected to deselected, useful for multi/mixed selection

Returns **void** 

### remove

Remove the given list item.

**Parameters**

-   `li` **(jquery | [number][23])** Either the actually jQuery list element or a zero based index

Returns **void** 

### clear

Remove all list items.

Returns **void** 

### removeAllSelected

Remove all selected items entirely from the list.

Returns **void** 

### clearAllSelected

Deselect all selected items.

Returns **void** 

### deselect

Deselect the given list item.

**Parameters**

-   `li` **([Array][18]&lt;jquery> | [number][23])** Either the actually jQuery list element or a zero based index

### unselect

Deprivated - use `deselect()`

**Parameters**

-   `li` **([Array][18]&lt;jquery> | [number][23])** a list item

Returns **void** 

**Meta**

-   **deprecated**: as of v4.3.0


### select

Select the given list item.

**Parameters**

-   `li` **(jquery | [number][23])** Either the actually jQuery list element or a zero based index
-   `noTrigger` **[boolean][22]** Do not trigger the selected event.

### activatedItem

Return an object containing info about the currently activated item.

Returns **[object][20]** An object containing the active row's index, dom element and data.

### deactivateItem

Set item to deactivated, and fire an event.

**Parameters**

-   `li` **(jquery | [number][23])** The jQuery list element. The li element or the index.
     If null the currently activated one will be deactivated.

Returns **void** 

### getSelected

Returns **[Array][18]&lt;jquery>** the currently selected ListView item, or an empty jQuery selector
 if there are currently no items selected.

### updated

Refresh the list with any optioned options that might have been set.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][20]?** incoming settings

Returns **[object][20]** component instance

### disable

Disables the functionality of a ListView.

Returns **void** 

### enable

Enables the functionality of a ListView.

Returns **void** 

### destroy

Detatch all events and tear down data object

Returns **void** 

[1]: #listview

[2]: #loaddata

[3]: #toggleall

[4]: #remove

[5]: #clear

[6]: #removeallselected

[7]: #clearallselected

[8]: #deselect

[9]: #unselect

[10]: #select

[11]: #activateditem

[12]: #deactivateitem

[13]: #getselected

[14]: #updated

[15]: #disable

[16]: #enable

[17]: #destroy

[18]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[19]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[20]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[21]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[22]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[23]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[24]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function
