<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Modal][1]
    -   [disableSubmit][2]
    -   [open][3]
    -   [close][4]

## Modal

Responsive and Accessible Modal Control

**Parameters**

-   `element` **[string][5]** The component element.
-   `settings` **[string][5]** The component settings.
    -   `settings.trigger` **[string][5]** The method of opening the dialog. Supports click, immediate. (optional, default `'click'`)
    -   `settings.buttons` **[array][6]** A list of buttons that will sit in the toolbar's Buttonset area. (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.isAlert` **isAlert** Adds alertdialog role for message dialogs. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.content` **content** Ability to pass in dialog html content. (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.cssClass` **[string][5]** Append a css class to top level. (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.autoFocus` **[boolean][7]** If true the first input will be focused. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.id` **[string][5]** Optionally tag a dialog with an id. (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.frameHeight` **[number][8]** Optional extra height to add. (optional, default `180`)
    -   `settings.frameWidth` **[number][8]** Optional extra width to add. (optional, default `46`)

### disableSubmit

Check if the submit button should be disabled based on validation status.

Returns **void** 

### open

Open the modal via the api.

Returns **void** 

### close

Close the modal.

**Parameters**

-   `destroy` **[boolean][7]** Call the destroy method.

Returns **[boolean][7]** If the dialog was open returns false. If the dialog was closed is true.

[1]: #modal

[2]: #disablesubmit

[3]: #open

[4]: #close

[5]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[6]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number
