<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [TOOLBAR_DEFAULTS][1]
-   [Toolbar][2]
    -   [buildMoreActionsMenuItem][3]
    -   [refreshMoreActionsMenu][4]
    -   [getItemText][5]
    -   [handleTransferToMenuButtonItem][6]
    -   [handleResize][7]
    -   [navigate][8]
    -   [getLastVisibleButton][9]
    -   [getFirstVisibleButton][10]
    -   [setActiveButton][11]
    -   [triggerSelect][12]
    -   [getVisibleButtons][13]
    -   [adjustMenuItemVisibility][14]
    -   [isItemOverflowed][15]
    -   [moreButtonIsDisabled][16]
    -   [moreButtonIsVisible][17]
    -   [updated][18]
    -   [enable][19]
    -   [disable][20]
    -   [teardown][21]
    -   [teardownMoreActionsMenuItem][22]
    -   [destroy][23]

## TOOLBAR_DEFAULTS

Component Default Settings

**Properties**

-   `rightAligned` **[boolean][24]** Will always attempt to right-align the contents of
     the toolbar. By default if there is no title it will left align. This forces right alignment.
-   `maxVisibleButtons` **[number][25]** Total amount of buttons that can be present, not
     including the More button.
-   `resizeContainers` **[boolean][24]** If true, uses Javascript to size the Title and
     Buttonset elements in a way that shows as much of the Title area as possible.
-   `favorButtonset` **[boolean][24]** If "resizeContainers" is true, setting this to
     true will try to display as many buttons as possible while resizing the toolbar.
     Setting to false attempts to show the entire title instead.
-   `moreMenuSettings` **[object][26]?** If defined, provides a toolbar-level method of
     defining settings that will be applied to the More Actions button's popupmenu instance.
-   `noSearchfieldReinvoke` **[boolean][24]** If true, does not manage the lifecycle
     of an internal toolbarsearchfield automatically.  Allows an external controller
     to do it instead.

## Toolbar

The Toolbar Component manages various levels of application navigation.
It contains a group of buttons that functionally related content. Each panel
consists of two levels: the top level identifies the category or section header,
and the second level provides the associated options.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **([HTMLElement][27] \| [Array][28]&lt;jQuery>)** the base Toolbar element
-   `settings` **[object][26]?** incoming settings

### buildMoreActionsMenuItem

Builds a single "More Actions Menu" item from a source toolbar item.
Also sets up linkage between the menu item and the original toolbar item to
allow events/properties to propagate when the More Actions item is acted upon.

**Parameters**

-   `item` **[Array][28]&lt;jQuery>** the source item from the toolbar.

Returns **[Array][28]&lt;jQuery>** a jQuery-wrapped <li> representing a More Actions menu
 implementation of the toolbar item.

### refreshMoreActionsMenu

Refreshes the More Actions Menu items' text content, icons, states, and submenu content
based on changes made directly to their counterpart elements in the Toolbar.  Can also
optionally refresh only part of the menu.

**Parameters**

-   `menu` **[Array][28]&lt;jQuery>** the menu/submenu to be refreshed.

### getItemText

Gets the complete text contnts of a Toolbar Item, in order to create its
corresponding "more actions" menu item.

Order of operations for populating the List Item text:
1\. span contents (.audible), then
2\. button title attribute, then
3\. tooltip text (if applicable)

**Parameters**

-   `item` **[Array][28]&lt;jQuery>** the item being evaluated.

Returns **[string][29]** the complete text representation.

### handleTransferToMenuButtonItem

Event Handler for the Soho Popupmenu's custom 'show-submenu' event, specifically for
the case of a menu button that's been spilled over into this Toolbar's More Actions menu.

**Parameters**

-   `e` **jQuery.Event** custom `show-submenu` jQuery event
-   `li` **[Array][28]&lt;jQuery>** the `li.submenu` element.

### handleResize

Re-renders the toolbar element and adjusts all internal parts to account for the new size.

**Parameters**

-   `containerDims` **[object][26]?** an object containing dimensions that can be set
     on the Toolbar's title and buttonset elements.
    -   `containerDims.title` **[number][25]?** represents the width that will be applied
         to the title element
    -   `containerDims.buttonset` **[number][25]?** represents the width that will be
         applied to the buttonset element

Returns **void** 

### navigate

Changes the "active" button on the toolbar.

**Parameters**

-   `direction` **[number][25]** can be `-1` (previous), `1` (next), or `0` (remain on current).

Returns **void** 

### getLastVisibleButton

Gets a reference to the last visible (not overflowed) button inside of the buttonset.

Returns **[Array][28]&lt;jQuery>** the last visible button in the buttonset.

### getFirstVisibleButton

Gets a reference to the first visible (not overflowed) button inside of the buttonset.

Returns **[Array][28]&lt;jQuery>** the first visible button in the buttonset.

### setActiveButton

Sets the currently "active" (focused) Toolbar item

**Parameters**

-   `activeButton` **[Array][28]&lt;jQuery>** the preferred target element to make active.
-   `noFocus` **[boolean][24]?** if defined, prevents this method from giving focus
     to the new active button.

### triggerSelect

Triggers a "selected" event on the base Toolbar element using a common element as an argument.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **([HTMLElement][27] \| [SVGElement][30] \| [Array][28]&lt;jQuery>)** a jQuery Object containing an
     anchor tag, button, or input field.

### getVisibleButtons

Gets and Iterates through a list of toolbar items and determines which are
currently overflowed, and which are visible.

**Parameters**

-   `buttons` **[array][28]** an Array of jQuery-wrapped elements that represents toolbar items.

Returns **VisibilitySortedToolbarItems** 

Returns **VisibilitySortedToolbarItems.Array** visible - An array containing all visible items.

Returns **VisibilitySortedToolbarItems.Array** hidden - An array containing all
 hidden (overflowed) items.

### adjustMenuItemVisibility

Gets and Iterates through the full list of Toolbar Items and determines which
 ones should currently be present in the More Actions menu.

**Parameters**

-   `items` **[object][26]** an object (normally generated by `_.getVisibleButtons()`)
     containing arrays of currently visible and hidden buttons, along with some meta-data.

Returns **void** 

### isItemOverflowed

Detects whether or not a toolbar item is currently overflowed.  In general,
 toolbar items are considered overflow if their right-most edge sits past the
 right-most edge of the buttonset border.  There are some edge-cases.

**Parameters**

-   `item` **[Array][28]&lt;jQuery>** the Toolbar item being tested.

Returns **[boolean][24]** whether or not the item belongs in the More Actions menu

### moreButtonIsDisabled

Returns **[boolean][24]** whether or not this toolbar is able to have a More Button

### moreButtonIsVisible

Detection for whether or not More Actions menu is currently visible.  This is
different than the More Actions menu being disabled.  This check determines
whether or not items have spilled over, causing the menu to be shown or hidden.

Returns **[boolean][24]** whether or not More Actions menu is currently visible.

### updated

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][26]?** incoming different settings

Returns **void** 

### enable

Enables the entire Toolbar component

Returns **void** 

### disable

Disables the entire Toolbar component

Returns **void** 

### teardown

Returns the Toolbar's internal markup to its original state.

Returns **this** component instance

### teardownMoreActionsMenuItem

Tears down a More Actions Menu item.

**Parameters**

-   `item` **[Array][28]&lt;jQuery>** the existing <li> from inside the More Actions menu.
-   `doRemove` **[boolean][24]** if defined, causes the list item to be removed from
     the more actions menu.

### destroy

Destroys this Toolbar Component instance and completely disassociates it from
 its corresponding DOM Element.

Returns **void** 

[1]: #toolbar_defaults

[2]: #toolbar

[3]: #buildmoreactionsmenuitem

[4]: #refreshmoreactionsmenu

[5]: #getitemtext

[6]: #handletransfertomenubuttonitem

[7]: #handleresize

[8]: #navigate

[9]: #getlastvisiblebutton

[10]: #getfirstvisiblebutton

[11]: #setactivebutton

[12]: #triggerselect

[13]: #getvisiblebuttons

[14]: #adjustmenuitemvisibility

[15]: #isitemoverflowed

[16]: #morebuttonisdisabled

[17]: #morebuttonisvisible

[18]: #updated

[19]: #enable

[20]: #disable

[21]: #teardown

[22]: #teardownmoreactionsmenuitem

[23]: #destroy

[24]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[25]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[26]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[27]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[28]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[29]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[30]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/SVG/Element/animate
