<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Line][1]
    -   [updated][2]
    -   [destroy][3]

## Line

A line chart or line graph is a type of chart which displays information as a series of data
points called 'markers' connected by straight line segments.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **[string][4]** The plugin element for the constuctor
-   `settings` **[string][4]?** The settings element.
    -   `settings.dataset` **[array][5]** The data to use in the line/area/bubble. (optional, default `[]`)
    -   `settings.tooltip` **([function][6] \| [string][4])?** A custom tooltip or tooltip renderer function
        for the whole chart.
    -   `settings.isArea` **[string][4]?** Render as an area chart.
    -   `settings.isBubble` **[string][4]** Render as a bubble chart. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.showLegend` **[string][4]** If false the label will not be shown. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.xAxis` **[object][7]?** A series of options for the xAxis
        -   `settings.xAxis.rotate` **[number][8]?** Rotate the elements on the x axis.
            Recommend -65 deg but this can be tweaked depending on look.
        -   `settings.xAxis.ticks` **[object][7]?** Data to control the number of ticks and y axis format.
            For example `{number: 5, format: ',.1s'}` would show only 5 yaxis points and format the
            data to show 1K, 1M, 1G ect.. This uses the d3 formatter.
        -   `settings.xAxis.formatText` **[function][6]?** A function that passes the text element and a counter.
            You can return a formatted svg markup element to replace the current element.
            For example you could use tspans to wrap the strings or color them.
    -   `settings.yAxis` **[object][7]?** A series of options for the yAxis
        -   `settings.yAxis.formatter` **[function][6]?** A d3 formatter for the yAxis points.
    -   `settings.yAxis` **[object][7]?** A series of options for the yAxis
    -   `settings.hideDots` **[boolean][9]** If true no dots are shown (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.axisLabels` **[array][5]?** Option to a label to one of the four sides. For Example
        `{left: 'Left axis label', top: 'Top axis label',
        right: 'Right axis label', bottom: 'Bottom axis label'}`
    -   `settings.animate` **([boolean][9] \| [string][4])?** true|false - will do or not do the animation.
        'initial' will do only first time the animation.
    -   `settings.redrawOnResize` **[boolean][9]** If true, the component will not resize when resizing the page. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.dots` **[object][7]?** Option to customize the dot behavior. You can set the dot size (radius),
        the size on hover and stroke or even add a custom class.
        Example `dots: { radius: 3, radiusOnHover: 4, strokeWidth: 0, class: 'custom-dots'}`
    -   `settings.formatterString` **[string][4]?** Use d3 format some examples can be found on [http://bit.ly/1IKVhHh][10]
    -   `settings.emptyMessage` **[object][7]?** An empty message will be displayed when there is no chart data.
        This accepts an object of the form emptyMessage:
        `{title: 'No Data Available',
         info: 'Make a selection on the list above to see results', icon: 'icon-empty-no-data',
         button: {text: 'xxx', click: <function>}
         }`
         Set this to null for no message or will default to 'No Data Found with an icon.'

### updated

Handle updated settings and values.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][7]** The new settings to use.

Returns **[object][7]** The api for chaining.

### destroy

Remove added markup and events.

Returns **void** 

[1]: #line

[2]: #updated

[3]: #destroy

[4]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[5]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[6]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[9]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[10]: http://bit.ly/1IKVhHh
