<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Treemap][1]
    -   [updateData][2]
    -   [updated][3]
    -   [destroy][4]
-   [rendered][5]

## Treemap

A radar chart is a diagram representing hierarchical data in the form of nested rectangles,
the area of each corresponding to its numerical value.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **[string][6]** The plugin element for the constuctor
-   `settings` **[string][6]** The settings element.
    -   `settings.dataset` **[array][7]** The data to use in the radar
    -   `settings.redrawOnResize` **[boolean][8]** If false, the component will not resize when resizing the page. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.margin` **[object][9]?** The margins of the SVG, which you may want to adjust depending on text location.
    -   `settings.colors` **[array][7]?** An array of colors used in sequence from front to end of the array.
    -   `settings.showLabel` **[boolean][8]?** If false then the percentage wont be shown in the blocks.
    -   `settings.labelFormatter` **[string][6]?** The d3 formatter function for the value label.
    -   `settings.showTitle` **[boolean][8]?** If true then the first name will be used for the title area.
    -   `settings.emptyMessage` **[object][9]?** An empty message will be displayed when there is no chart data.
        This accepts an object of the form emptyMessage:
        `{title: 'No Data Available',
         info: 'Make a selection on the list above to see results', icon: 'icon-empty-no-data',
         button: {text: 'xxx', click: <function>}
         }`
          Set this to null for no message or will default to 'No Data Found with an icon.'

### updateData

Update the chart with a new dataset

**Parameters**

-   `data` **[object][9]** The data to use.

### updated

Handle updated settings and values.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][9]** The new settings to use.

Returns **[object][9]** The api for chaining.

### destroy

Teardown - Remove added markup and events.

Returns **void** 

## rendered

Fires when the chart is complete done rendering, for customization.

**Properties**

-   `event` **[object][9]** The jquery event object
-   `svg` **[array][7]** The svg object.

[1]: #treemap

[2]: #updatedata

[3]: #updated

[4]: #destroy

[5]: #rendered

[6]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[9]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object
