<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [TIMEPICKER_DEFAULTS][1]
-   [TimePicker][2]
    -   [handleKeys][3]
    -   [handleBlur][4]
    -   [is24HourFormat][5]
    -   [hasSeconds][6]
    -   [hasDayPeriods][7]
    -   [getTimeSeparator][8]
    -   [roundMinutes][9]
    -   [afterShow][10]
    -   [getTimeFromField][11]
    -   [setTimeOnField][12]
    -   [isOpen][13]
    -   [openTimePopup][14]
    -   [closeTimePopup][15]
    -   [onPopupHide][16]
    -   [toggleTimePopup][17]
    -   [value][18]
    -   [enable][19]
    -   [readonly][20]
    -   [disable][21]
    -   [isDisabled][22]
    -   [updated][23]
    -   [destroy][24]
    -   [handleEvents][25]

## TIMEPICKER_DEFAULTS

Default Timepicker Settings

**Properties**

-   `timeFormat` **[string][26]** The time format
-   `minuteInterval` **[number][27]** Integer from 1 to 60.  Multiples of this value
     are displayed as options in the minutes dropdown.
-   `secondInterval` **[number][27]** Integer from 1 to 60.
-   `mode` **[string][26]** can be set to 'standard', 'range',
-   `roundToInterval` **[boolean][28]** if `false`, does not automatically round
     user-entered values from the pickers to their nearest interval.
-   `parentElement` **(null | [Array][29]&lt;jQuery>)?** if defined as a jQuery-wrapped element,
     will be used as the target element.
-   `returnFocus` **[string][26]** If set to false, focus will not be returned to
     the calling element. It usually should be for accessibility purposes.

Returns **[object][30]** containing settings

## TimePicker

The Timepicker Component provides a click/touch user interface for setting a time.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **([HTMLElement][31] \| [Array][29]&lt;jQuery>)** the base element
-   `settings` **[Object][30]?** incoming settings

### handleKeys

Sets up a `keydown` event listener.

Returns **void** 

### handleBlur

Sets up a `blur` event listener.

### is24HourFormat

Checks a time format value to see if it is a Military (24-hour) format.

**Parameters**

-   `value` **[string][26]** a string value representing a time format.

Returns **[boolean][28]** whether or not the time format is 24-hour

### hasSeconds

Checks a time format value to see if it includes seconds.

**Parameters**

-   `value` **[string][26]** a string value representing a time format.

Returns **[boolean][28]** whether or not seconds are included in the time format

### hasDayPeriods

Checks to see if a time format contains a space for presenting the day period.

**Parameters**

-   `value` **[string][26]** a string value representing a time format.

Returns **[boolean][28]** whther or not the time format has day periods.

### getTimeSeparator

Gets a Locale-defined version of the time separator.

Returns **[string][26]** containing the time separator

### roundMinutes

Rounds the current value of the minutes picker to its nearest interval value.

### afterShow

Handler for the Timepicker Popover's custom `show` event.

**Parameters**

-   `ui` **[object][30]** timepicker popup element

Returns **void** 

### getTimeFromField

Gets the value of the Timepicker field as an object separated into hours,
minutes, (optional) seconds, and (optional) day period.

**Parameters**

-   `value` **[string][26]?** this method can optionally be passed
    a string-based time value to calculate instead of the current field's value.

Returns **[object][30]** containing key/value pairs representing time parts.

### setTimeOnField

Retrieves the values from the Timepicker popup's pickers and uses those values to set
the contents of the Timepicker field.

Returns **void** 

### isOpen

Return whether or not the Timepicker popup is open.

Returns **[boolean][28]** whether or not the Timepicker popup is open.

### openTimePopup

Opens the Timepicker popup, intializing all the dropdown elements and
setting up internal events.

Returns **void** 

### closeTimePopup

Triggers the "hide" method on the tooltip plugin.  The Timepicker officially
"closes" after the popover's hide event fully completes because certain events
need to be turned off and certain markup needs to be removed only AFTER
the popover is hidden.

Returns **void** 

### onPopupHide

Handles the time popover's "hide" event

Returns **void** 

### toggleTimePopup

Toggles the visibility of the Timepicker popup.

Returns **void** 

### value

Getter method for retrieving the value of the Timepicker.

**Parameters**

-   `removePunctuation` **[boolean][28]** Gets rid of all the value's punctuation on return.

Returns **[string][26]** the current timepicker value

### enable

Enables the Timepicker

Returns **void** 

### readonly

Set input to readonly.

Returns **void** 

### disable

Disables the Timepicker

Returns **void** 

### isDisabled

Detects whether or not the component is disabled

Returns **[boolean][28]** whether or not the component is disabled

### updated

Updates the component instance.  Can be used after being passed new settings.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][30]?** incoming settings

Returns **this** component instanceof

### destroy

Destroys the component instance.

Returns **void** 

### handleEvents

Sets up event listeners for the timepicker instance.

Returns **this** component instance

[1]: #timepicker_defaults

[2]: #timepicker

[3]: #handlekeys

[4]: #handleblur

[5]: #is24hourformat

[6]: #hasseconds

[7]: #hasdayperiods

[8]: #gettimeseparator

[9]: #roundminutes

[10]: #aftershow

[11]: #gettimefromfield

[12]: #settimeonfield

[13]: #isopen

[14]: #opentimepopup

[15]: #closetimepopup

[16]: #onpopuphide

[17]: #toggletimepopup

[18]: #value

[19]: #enable

[20]: #readonly

[21]: #disable

[22]: #isdisabled

[23]: #updated

[24]: #destroy

[25]: #handleevents

[26]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[27]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[28]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[29]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[30]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[31]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element
