<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [ApplicationMenu][1]
    -   [getAdjacentContainerElement][2]
    -   [handleTriggerEvents][3]
    -   [handleKeyDown][4]
    -   [notify][5]
    -   [isOpen][6]
    -   [testWidth][7]
    -   [openMenu][8]
    -   [closeMenu][9]
    -   [hasTriggers][10]
    -   [modifyTriggers][11]
    -   [filterResultsCallback][12]
    -   [handleSearchfieldInputEvent][13]
    -   [teardown][14]
    -   [updated][15]
    -   [destroy][16]
    -   [handleEvents][17]

## ApplicationMenu

The Application Menu provides access to all the functions, pages, and forms in an application.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **[object][18]** The element that gets the plugin established on it.
-   `settings` **[object][18]?** The settings to use on this instance.
    -   `settings.breakpoint` **[string][19]** Can be 'tablet' or 'phone-to-tablet' (+767),
        'phablet (+610)', 'desktop' +(1024) or 'tablet-to-desktop' (+1280). Default is 'phone-to-tablet' (767) (optional, default `'phone-to-tablet'`)
    -   `settings.filterable` **[boolean][20]** If true a search / filter option will be added. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.openOnLarge` **[boolean][20]** If true, will automatically open the Application Menu when a large screen-width breakpoint is met. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.triggers` **[array][21]** An Array of jQuery-wrapped elements that are able to open/close this nav menu. (optional, default `[]`)

### getAdjacentContainerElement

Gets a reference to this Application Menu's adjacent container element.

Returns **[Array][21]&lt;jQuery>** the adjacent container element

### handleTriggerEvents

Setup click events on this.element if it's not the menu itself.
(this means that it's a trigger button).

Returns **void** 

### handleKeyDown

Handles Keydown Events on the App Menu

**Parameters**

-   `e` **jQuery.Event** `keydown` events

Returns **[boolean][20]** whether or not the keydown event was successful

### notify

Adds a visual badge-style notification to an Application Menu accordion header

**Parameters**

-   `anchor` **[Array][21]&lt;jQuery>** the anchor to target
-   `value` **[number][22]** the numeric value to attach

Returns **([Array][21]&lt;jQuery> | [undefined][23])** a reference to the new tag markup, if applicable

### isOpen

Detects whether or not the application menu is open

Returns **[boolean][20]** whether or not the application menu is open

### testWidth

Detects a change in breakpoint size that can cause the Application Menu's state to change.

Returns **void** 

### openMenu

Opens the Application Menu

**Parameters**

-   `noFocus` **[boolean][20]** If true, sets focus on the first item in the application menu.
-   `userOpened` **[boolean][20]?** If true, notifies the component that the menu was
     manually opened by the user.
-   `openedByClass` **[boolean][20]?** If true, only adjusts bare-miniumum requirements
     for the application menu to appear open (should be used in cases where the application
     menu has the `is-open` CSS appended to it via markup).  This skips events, animation, etc.

### closeMenu

Closes the Application Menu

**Parameters**

-   `userClosed` **[boolean][20]?** if true, sets a flag notifying the component
     that the user was responsible for closing.

### hasTriggers

Detects whether or not the Application Menu has external trigger buttons setup to control it.

Returns **[boolean][20]** whether or not external triggers have been defined.

### modifyTriggers

Externally Facing function that can be used to add/remove application nav menu triggers.

**Parameters**

-   `triggers` **[Array][21]&lt;[Array][21]>** an array of HTMLElements or jQuery-wrapped elements that
     will be used as triggers.
-   `remove` **[boolean][20]?** if defined, triggers that are defined will be removed
     internally instead of added.
-   `norebuild` **[boolean][20]?** if defined, this control's events won't automatically
     be rebound to include the new triggers.

### filterResultsCallback

**Parameters**

-   `results` **[array][21]** list of items that passed the filtering process
-   `done` **[function][24]** method to be called when the display of filtered items completes.

Returns **void** 

### handleSearchfieldInputEvent

handles the Searchfield Input event

**Parameters**

-   `e` **jQuery.Event** jQuery `input` event

### teardown

Unbinds event listeners and removes extraneous markup from the Application Menu.

Returns **this** component instance

### updated

Triggers a UI Resync.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][18]?** incoming settings

Returns **this** component instance

### destroy

Teardown - Remove added markup and events

Returns **void** 

### handleEvents

This component fires the following events.

Returns **this** component instance

[1]: #applicationmenu

[2]: #getadjacentcontainerelement

[3]: #handletriggerevents

[4]: #handlekeydown

[5]: #notify

[6]: #isopen

[7]: #testwidth

[8]: #openmenu

[9]: #closemenu

[10]: #hastriggers

[11]: #modifytriggers

[12]: #filterresultscallback

[13]: #handlesearchfieldinputevent

[14]: #teardown

[15]: #updated

[16]: #destroy

[17]: #handleevents

[18]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[19]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[20]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[21]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[22]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[23]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined

[24]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function
