<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [DROPDOWN_DEFAULTS][1]
-   [Dropdown][2]
    -   [open][3]
    -   [close][4]
    -   [isOpen][5]
    -   [selectValue][6]
    -   [selectStartsWith][7]
    -   [disable][8]
    -   [isDisabled][9]
    -   [enable][10]
    -   [readonly][11]
    -   [updated][12]
    -   [destroy][13]
-   [listopened][14]
-   [listclosed][15]
-   [change][16]
-   [input][17]

## DROPDOWN_DEFAULTS

**Properties**

-   `closeOnSelect` **[boolean][18]** When an option is selected, the list will close if set to
    "true".  List stays open if "false".
-   `cssClass` **[string][19]** Append an optional css class to dropdown-list
-   `filterMode` **[string][19]** Search mode to use between 'startsWith' and 'contains', false
     will not allow client side filter
-   `noSearch` **[boolean][18]** If true, disables the ability of the user to enter text in the
     Search Input field in the open combo box
-   `showEmptyGroupHeaders` **[boolean][18]** If true, displays optgroup headers in the list even
     if no selectable options are present underneath.
-   `source` **[boolean][18]** A function that can do an ajax call.
-   `sourceArguments` **[boolean][18]** If a source method is defined, this flexible object can be
     passed into the source method, and augmented with parameters specific to the implementation.
-   `reloadSourceOnOpen` **[boolean][18]** If set to true, will always perform an ajax call whenever
     the list is opened.  If false, the first AJAX call's results are cached.
-   `empty` **[boolean][18]** Initialize Empty Value
-   `delay` **[boolean][18]** Typing buffer delay in ms
-   `maxWidth` **[number][20]** If set the width of the dropdown is limited to this pixel width. Fx
     300 for the 300 px size fields. Default is size of the largest data.
-   `placementOpts` **[object][21]** Gets passed to this control's Place behavior

## Dropdown

The Dropdown allows users to select from a list. Like an Html Select.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **[object][21]** The component element.
-   `settings` **[object][21]?** The component settings.

### open

Open the dropdown list of options

### close

Close the list of options if open.

Returns **void** 

### isOpen

Return true/false depending on if the list is open.

Returns **[boolean][18]** The current state (open = true).

### selectValue

Select an option by the value.

**Parameters**

-   `value` **[string][19]** A string containing the value to look for. (Case insensitive)

### selectStartsWith

Select the next item that starts with a given character (text of the option).

**Parameters**

-   `char` **[string][19]** The starting letter to match for. (Case insensitive)

### disable

Disable the input element.

### isDisabled

Returns true if the dropdown is disabled.

Returns **[boolean][18]** True if the element is disabled.

### enable

Enable the input element.

### readonly

Make the input element readonly.

### updated

Tear down events and restore to original state.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][21]** The settings object to use.

Returns **void** 

### destroy

Tear down events and restore to original state.

## listopened

Fires as the dropdown list is opened.

**Properties**

-   `event` **[object][21]** The jquery event object
-   `ui` **[object][21]** The dialog object

## listclosed

Fires as the dropdown list is closed

**Properties**

-   `event` **[object][21]** The jquery event object
-   `ui` **[object][21]** The dialog object

## change

Fires after the value in the input is changed by any means.

**Properties**

-   `event` **[object][21]** The jquery event object

## input

Fires after the value in the input is changed by user interaction.

**Properties**

-   `event` **[object][21]** The jquery event object

[1]: #dropdown_defaults

[2]: #dropdown

[3]: #open

[4]: #close

[5]: #isopen

[6]: #selectvalue

[7]: #selectstartswith

[8]: #disable

[9]: #isdisabled

[10]: #enable

[11]: #readonly

[12]: #updated

[13]: #destroy

[14]: #listopened

[15]: #listclosed

[16]: #change

[17]: #input

[18]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[19]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[20]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[21]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object
