<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Spinbox][1]
    -   [increaseValue][2]
    -   [decreaseValue][3]
    -   [updateVal][4]
    -   [enable][5]
    -   [disable][6]
    -   [isDisabled][7]
    -   [updated][8]
    -   [destroy][9]

## Spinbox

The Spinbox component provides easy access to modification of a numeric input field.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **([Array][10]&lt;jQuery> | [HTMLElement][11])** the base element
-   `settings` **[object][12]?** incoming settings
    -   `settings.autocorrectOnBlur` **[boolean][13]** If true the input will adjust to the nearest step on blur. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.min` **(null | [Number][14])** if defined, provides a minimum numeric limit (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.max` **(null | [Number][14])** if defined, provides a maximum numeric limit (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.step` **(null | [Number][14])** if defined, increases or decreases the spinbox value
         by a specific interval whenever the control buttons are used. (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.validateOnInput` **[boolean][13]** If set to false, will only automatically correct
         the spinbox value after the spinbox has lost focus. (optional, default `true`)

### increaseValue

Increases the value of the Spinbox field, constrained by the step interval and maximum limit.

Returns **void** 

### decreaseValue

Decreases the value of the Spinbox field, constrained by the step interval and minimum limit.

Returns **void** 

### updateVal

Sets a new spinbox value and focuses the spinbox.

**Parameters**

-   `newVal` **([Number][14] \| [String][15])** the value to set on the spinbox

Returns **void** 

### enable

Enables the Spinbox

Returns **void** 

### disable

Disables the Spinbox

Returns **void** 

### isDisabled

Determines whether or not the spinbox is disabled.

Returns **[boolean][13]** whether or not the spinbox is disabled.

### updated

Updated

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][12]?** incoming settings

Returns **this** component instance

### destroy

Teardown

Returns **void** 

[1]: #spinbox

[2]: #increasevalue

[3]: #decreasevalue

[4]: #updateval

[5]: #enable

[6]: #disable

[7]: #isdisabled

[8]: #updated

[9]: #destroy

[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[11]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[12]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[13]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[14]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[15]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String
