<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [ABOUT_DEFAULTS][1]
-   [About][2]
    -   [getDeviceSpecs][3]
    -   [updated][4]
    -   [close][5]
    -   [destroy][6]
-   [close][7]
-   [afterclose][8]
-   [beforeopen][9]

## ABOUT_DEFAULTS

**Properties**

-   `appName` **[string][10]** The Main Application Name to display in the header.
-   `content` **[string][10]** Additional text content to display at the top.
-   `copyrightYear` **[string][10]** The year displayed in the copyright, defaults to current year.
-   `deviceSpecs` **[boolean][11]** Determines whether or not to display device
    information. This information includes Browser, Platform, Locale and if Cookies are Enabled.
-   `productName` **[string][10]** Additional product name information to display.
-   `useDefaultCopyright` **[boolean][11]** Add the Legal Approved Infor Copy Right Text.
-   `version` **[string][10]** Semantic Version Number for example (4.0.0).

## About

The About Dialog Component is displays information regarding the application.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **[object][12]** The component element.
-   `settings` **[object][12]?** The component settings.

### getDeviceSpecs

Return the browser specs. Currently returns browse, os, cookiesEnabled and locale

Returns **[string][10]** The specs of the browser.

### updated

Update the component and optionally apply new settings.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][12]** the settings to update to.

Returns **[object][12]** The plugin api for chaining.

### close

Progamatically close the About dialog.

Returns **void** 

### destroy

Teardown and remove any added markup and events.

Returns **void** 

## close

Fires when the dialog is closing.

**Properties**

-   `event` **[object][12]** The jquery event object
-   `ui` **[object][12]** The dialog object

## afterclose

Fires after the dialog is done closing and removed.

**Properties**

-   `event` **[object][12]** The jquery event object
-   `ui` **[object][12]** The dialog object

## beforeopen

Fires when the about dialog is opening, allowing you to veto by returning false.

**Properties**

-   `event` **[object][12]** The jquery event object.
-   `ui` **[object][12]** The dialog object

[1]: #about_defaults

[2]: #about

[3]: #getdevicespecs

[4]: #updated

[5]: #close

[6]: #destroy

[7]: #close-1

[8]: #afterclose

[9]: #beforeopen

[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[11]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[12]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object
