<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Bar][1]
    -   [updated][2]
    -   [destroy][3]

## Bar

A bar chart or bar graph is a chart or graph that presents categorical data with rectangular bars
with heights or lengths proportional to the values that they represent. This is adapated from
[http://jsfiddle.net/datashaman/rBfy5/2/][4]

**Parameters**

-   `element` **[string][5]** The plugin element for the constuctor
-   `settings` **[string][5]?** The settings element.
    -   `settings.dataset` **[array][6]** The data to use in the line/area/bubble. (optional, default `[]`)
    -   `settings.isStacked` **[boolean][7]** Default is a single or stacked chart. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.isNormalized` **[boolean][7]** If true its a 100% bar chart (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.isGrouped` **[boolean][7]** If true its a grouped bar chart (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.showLegend` **[boolean][7]** If false the legend will not be shown. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.animate` **([boolean][7] \| [string][5])** true|false - will do or not do the animation, 'initial' will do only first time the animation. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.redrawOnResize` **[boolean][7]** If true, the component will not resize when resizing the page. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.formatterString` **[string][5]?** Use d3 format some examples can be found on [http://bit.ly/1IKVhHh][8]
    -   `settings.format` **[string][5]** The d3 axis format (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.tooltip` **[string][5]** A tooltip for the whole chart (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.useLogScale` **[boolean][7]** If true log scale is enabled. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `settings.ticks` **[object][9]** Settings for the chart ticks. Can set ticks: {format: d3Format, number: n} (optional, default `null`)
    -   `settings.showLines` **[boolean][7]** Show the in the axis lines or not. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.labelFactor` **[number][10]** How far out than the outer circle should the labels be placed, this
        may be useful to adjust for some labels. (optional, default `1.27`)
    -   `settings.wrapWidth` **[number][10]** The number of pixels after which a label needs to be given a new line.
        You may want to change this based on label data. (optional, default `60`)
    -   `settings.emptyMessage` **[object][9]** An empty message will be displayed when there is no chart data. This accepts an object of the form emptyMessage:
        `{title: 'No Data Available',
         info: 'Make a selection on the list above to see results'
         icon: 'icon-empty-no-data',
         button: {text: 'xxx', click: <function>}  }`
        Set this to null for no message or will default to 'No Data Found with an icon.' (optional, default `{
        title:(Locale?Locale.translate('NoData'):'No Data Available'),
        info:'',
        icon:'icon-empty-no-data'}`)

### updated

Handle updated settings and values.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][9]** The new settings to use.

Returns **[object][9]** The api for chaining.

### destroy

Teardown - Remove added markup and events.

Returns **void** 

[1]: #bar

[2]: #updated

[3]: #destroy

[4]: http://jsfiddle.net/datashaman/rBfy5/2/

[5]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[6]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[8]: http://bit.ly/1IKVhHh

[9]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number
