<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [ToolbarSearchfield][1]
    -   [hasFocus][2]
    -   [hasCategories][3]
    -   [hasGoButton][4]
    -   [handleFocus][5]
    -   [expand][6]
    -   [collapse][7]
    -   [updated][8]
    -   [enable][9]
    -   [disable][10]
    -   [destroy][11]
    -   [handleEvents][12]

## ToolbarSearchfield

Searchfield Component Wrapper that extends normal Searchfield functionality
 and provides collapse/expand behavior.  For use inside of Toolbars.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **([HTMLElement][13] \| [Array][14]&lt;jQuery>)** the base element
-   `settings` **[object][15]?** incoming settings
    -   `settings.clearable` **[boolean][16]** If "true", provides an "x" button on the right edge that clears the field (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.collapsible` **[boolean][16]** If "true", allows the field to expand/collapse on larger breakpoints when
        focused/blurred respectively (optional, default `true`)
    -   `settings.collapsibleOnMobile` **[boolean][16]** If true, overrides `collapsible` only on mobile settings. (optional, default `true`)

### hasFocus

Detects whether or not the Toolbar Searchfield has focus.

Returns **[boolean][16]** whether or not the Toolbar Searchfield has focus.

### hasCategories

Detects the existence of a "Categories" button added to the searchfield

Returns **[boolean][16]** whether or not a categories button exists.

### hasGoButton

Detects the existence of a "Go" button added to the main searchfield API

Returns **[boolean][16]** whether or not a "Go" button exists.

### handleFocus

Handles the focus of the searchfield.

Returns **void** 

### expand

Expands the Searchfield

**Parameters**

-   `noFocus` **[boolean][16]?** If defined, causes the searchfield component not to become focused
     at the end of the expand method. Its default functionality is that it will become focused.

Returns **void** 

### collapse

Collapses the Searchfield

Returns **void** 

### updated

Used when the control has its settings or structural markup changed.
Rebuilds key parts of the control that otherwise wouldn't automatically update.

**Parameters**

-   `settings` **[object][15]?** incoming settings

Returns **this** component instance

### enable

Enables the Searchfield

Returns **void** 

### disable

Disables the Searchfield

Returns **void** 

### destroy

Removes the entire control from the DOM and from this element's internal data

**Parameters**

-   `dontDestroySearchfield` **[boolean][16]** if true, will not pass through and destroy
    a linked instance of the Searchfield component.

### handleEvents

Removes the entire control from the DOM and from this element's internal data

Returns **void** 

[1]: #toolbarsearchfield

[2]: #hasfocus

[3]: #hascategories

[4]: #hasgobutton

[5]: #handlefocus

[6]: #expand

[7]: #collapse

[8]: #updated

[9]: #enable

[10]: #disable

[11]: #destroy

[12]: #handleevents

[13]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[14]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[15]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[16]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean
